 B000001WSF-0 NEUTRO  Track listing: Der Herr ist K&ouml;nig, TWV 8:6[1]. Die Donnerode, TWV 6:3[2].Ann Monoyios[1], Barbara Schlick[1,2], sopranos; Axel K&ouml;hler, alto[2]; Wilfried Jochens, tenor[1,2]; Harry van der Kamp[1], Hans-Georg Wimmer[2], Stephan Schreckenberger[1,2], basses; Hermann Max conducting the Rheinische Kantorei and Das Kleine Konzert.As with Der Tag des Gerichts (search Catalogue for 10413) there is a Fanfare review on Tom Moore's homepage at Princeton.Faster tempos than Hickox and Collegium 90 on Chandos, and the second &quot;filler&quot; piece is a premiere recording. [timing 65'28]
 B000001WSF-1 POSITIVO  From listening to this, we now know why Bach respected his friend Telemann greatly. Bach transcribed &quot;Der Herr ist Koenig&quot; for his own use in Leipzig; and the Donnerode conveys its text quite well.Unfortunately for Telemann, many of his compositions, cantatas included, come across as rather routine. However, in his enormous output, there is much to be appreciated. His style is an interesting mix of the influences that affected Bach and Handel.
 B00004SR3Z-0 POSITIVO  This is a fun record for little kids...put it on and watch them not only fall in love with the songs (many of which will be familiar to them), but watch them really learn a wide range of new words, sounds, and rhyming skills. It's a joy, and an obvious labor of love from Jessi Colter, country music's only former &quot;outlaw&quot; and unforgettable warbler of 70's classics &quot;I'm Not Lisa&quot; &quot;What's Happened to Blue Eyes&quot; &quot;Storms Never Last&quot; &quot;It's Morning&quot; etc. She really does gather an amazing collection of songs that represent children's traditions and dreams throughout the world...the common thread on all of them is that kids' music is magical and comforting in any country, always tells a timeless story, and Jessi's voice is as suited to a child's ear as it was to the adult sensibilities. Get it for your little ones, nieces, nephews, etc. Colter's late husband Waylon Jennings has a hand in this, too...so it's an especially timely memento. Well done Jessi! Now, how about one more for the grown-ups, for old time's sake?
 B00004SR3Z-1 POSITIVO  As the title says, the album includes songs from several different countries, including Ireland, Holland, France, Spain, Britain and (of course) America - not just the mainland, but also Hawaii.Some of the songs are well known, like I'd like to teach the world to sing (New seekers), Octopus's garden (Beatles), This land is your land (Woody Guthrie) and the gospel song He's got the whole world in his hands, as well as some traditional children's classics - Old King Cole, Twinkle twinkle little star and London Bridge.Jessi's husband Waylon Jennings (who also recorded a children's album of his own) joins in on a couple of tracks.I thought I might have made a mistake in buying this when this album started playing and Jessi introduced herself, but fortunately I was proved wrong. The album is full of songs that will particularly appeal to children but will not make adults cringe, although there are other children's albums with more obvious appeal to adults.
 B00004SR3Z-2 POSITIVO  I bought this album because of Jessi Colter! She records so little, and I have to have whatever I can get my hands (and ears) on. I guess the old saying about being able to sing a phone book might apply in her case!I must admit I do enjoy children's albums (notably the Larry Groce series), and do not have children of my own to share this with, but I will enjoy it for years to come (of course, when no one is around!)Thank you Jessi for a wonderful experience! I enjoy the different songs from all over the world, at least music seems to be able to bring us all together in these troubled times.Of note, one of the beginning lines had me a bit upset at first listen...."singing songs from all over the world....JUST FOR KIDS..." Does that mean I can't listen to this at age 47? (It was a bit offsetting to hear the talking, but I was warned by another reviewer about that, but I am not sure I have ever heard Jessi speak, so that was cool!) Also, I just noticed the lyrics.... fun times ahead for me!Contrary to the title and the packaging, I recommend this to any Jessi Colter fan, young or old, it is a nice change of pace (not that there needs to be), and a little fun and escape from this world we live in.
 B00008FOGI-0 POSITIVO  Even though this page only lists five tracks, "The Original Lost Electra Sessions" is not an EP, it's a 19-track CD.All but one of these 19 tracks were recorded in December, 1964, as Paul Butterfield's projected first LP, but the results were (inexplicably) scrapped and replaced by the band's official self-titled debut, cut a few months later.With both Sam Lay, Elvin Bishop and Mike Bloomfield already onboard, these sessions are very similar in feel to the Paul Butterfield Blues Band's first album. It's perhaps a little bit rawer in production and performance, but not really worse or different than what ended up on the actual debut LP.Dedicated primarily to electric Chicago blues standards, it opens with a somewhat rushed take on "Good Morning Little Schoolgirl", followed by a great "Just To Be With You" with some sublime harp playing by Paul Butterfield.Butterfield also does a pretty good Sonny Boy Williamson (II) on a faithful rendition of "Help Me", and there are many more highlights, including an excellent rendition of the classic blues shuffle "Poor Boy", a slow, smouldering "It Hurts Me Too", an alternate version of the fine original "Our Love Is Drifting", a great, swinging "Take Me Back Baby", Jimmy Rogers' "That's All Right", and yet another Tampa Red-tune, "Love Her With A Feeling".The band also lay down a really good version of Jimmy Oden's "Goin' Down Slow", and the originals "Lovin' Cup" and the fiery instrumental "Nut Popper #1" are excellent.Virtually everything here is worth a listen, actually. It's not highly original, but The Paul Butterfield Blues Band's versions of these classic Chicago blues tunes are among the best and most convincing blues music ever waxed by a (primarily) white blues band. And any serious blues guitar lover will want to hear Mike Bloomfield's supremely tasty, economical playing.Paul Butterfield fans will find this album well worth acquiring, as most of the selections were never officially recorded by the band's original lineup.Great, classic blues.
 B00008FOGI-1 POSITIVO  It's hard to believe that this album was scrapped. A lot of bands put out albums that were much worse than this. One has to wonder if Paul Rothschild should have just taken a few valiums and put this out at the time it was recorded, because this is very, very good.This is a terrific document of a band of seriously dedicated guys playing the music they love, as authentically as they can. These guys weren't kidding; they paid their dues on the South Side of Chicago and were accepted as peers by none other than Muddy Waters. The performances here are raw but not sloppy, and the band is as tight as a tick. Most of the songs on here are played at a quick clip, but there's a lot of bite and venom in these performances, an air of urgency not dissimilar to something you hear on Buddy Guy's early recordings.It's sad to think that the Yardbirds got so much praise (and still do) as being white interpreters of the blues, when this collection shows clearly that the Butterfield Blues Band was much, much better than anything the British blues movement would offer for several years. Why the Yardbirds got the press and historical props and the Butterfield Blues Band doesn't is a total mystery. Maybe they didn't wear enough paisley.There is no paisley or patchouli on this one. It's just hard, tough blues, nasty, with teeth in it. Forget that half the band was white guys and dump every preconception you have about hippies, white blues, etc., and listen to this for what it is; a seriously cool recording of a very hot band hitting their stride.Finally, I want to add that the recording quality of this album is not &quot;execrable.&quot; It sounds every bit as good as any other album recorded in 1964 (! ) and a whole lot better than most. As a matter of fact, I think this is a much better produced record than anything the Yardbirds ever did. It's certainly much more authentic blues. A great document of an unjustly forgotten group.
 B00008FOGI-2 POSITIVO  This is some of the earliest Butterfield available. The takes on this album were scrapped (or thought to be scrapped) for the more produced tunes that appear on first album. In my opinion, a lot of these takes are better than what appears on the first album. Butterfield's rendition of &quot;Just To Be With You&quot; (Muddy Waters)is absolutely awe-inspiring. Jimmy Rodgers' &quot;That's Alright&quot; is as good as the original, although different. And Little Walter's &quot;Everything Is Gonna Be Alright&quot; is a jam. All of these takes are amazing, and definately not to be missed.
 B00008FOGI-3 POSITIVO  I have heard the white vs. black bluesman argument for years and years. I've always felt that it isn't the color of the skin that's important when it comes to the music but rather the soul of the musician. Given that, this is a great blues album by a band of soulful bluesmen. Butterfields harp is as hot as ever and the guitars of Bloomfield and Bishop are the epitome of the blues. The Paul Butterfield Blues Band were one of the greatest blues bands ever assembled and this recording is evidence of that fact. My only question is how this music has gone unheard for all of these years?
 B00008FOGI-4 POSITIVO  Listen to the tour de force "Hate to See You Go". Butterfield at his most primal and vicious. He is just so damn excited to be playing harp! The one absolutely essential track on the album, in my opinion, but this is a collection which is filled with gems. Or, perhaps, all the tracks sound about the same. I mean, if you don't like track one, GMLSG, you aren't gonna like this album. Butterfield's timing is distictive, and this means that the full flavor of his music is contained in each bite. In fact, this may betray my OCD, but I have broken most of these cuts apart note by note, for example, the first six notes of GMLSG, (he's using 3 blow, not 2 draw, on the first note, which is what gives this track its hyperactive intensity) I have recorded just this snipet of sound, and listened to it many, many times, sometimes at half-speed, becasue the timing is unique and compelling. Yet, so simple and straightforward. Two god-damn notes, and yet, unutterable. Paul plays like pure poetry. So, I do take issue with your statement "not highly original". While staying true to the tradition, Butterfield injects his own absolutely idiosyncratic timing, and this why I would pay $899, let alone $8.99, for one of my most favorite albums, the ORIGINAL lost elektra sessions.Note to Butterfield acolytes: If you love this album, you must own "Fathers and Sons", which is Bloomfield, Butterfield, and Muddy Waters, 1969. I think this contains Buttefield's most brilliant playing, and he's a backing man, so, more harp, and Muddy Waters!! Plus, tons of Bloomfield. Sublime.Also, I just noticed this, while browsing Amazon, but the album covers for Lost Elektra and the debut album both use a two-thirds, one third pictoral split. Cool.
 B00008FOGI-5 POSITIVO  This album is a rare, and precious gem that fits quite comfortably between the first album, and East-West. The people at Elektra discovered that sometimes true gold can be found without digging in a gold mine. And they struck real gold, not fools gold. And on the list of gems are songs like Spoonful, Everything's Gonna Be Alright (which I haven't heard since the release of Woodstock 2), Mellow Down Easy (the only repeat out of 19 songs), Rock Me, and Poor Boy. This is not only to be added to the Essentials list, but the top 2 must haves have now become three.
 B00008FOGI-6 POSITIVO  This is essential music for any blues fan, the best Butterfield Blues Band recordings. Butterfield and Bloomfield with Sam Lay on drums. A great band, exceptional sessions. This is Chicago blues at its best, ranking up there with the recordings of Muddy Waters, Howling Wolf and Magic Sam. Young white musicians except for Chicago veterans on bass and drums. There is no living vocalist/harp player who compares to Butterfield. Those who were in his league are no longer with us. Bloomfield, while influenced by blues players, was a virtuoso with an original approach that went beyond what was being played at the time. Too bad they both died long before their time.
 B00008FOGI-7 POSITIVO  I recommend this album to anyone who likes Bob Dylan's second masterpiece [not second album], Blonde On Blonde, as these 2 albums have that same THIN WILD MERCURY SOUND.I'm not here to give a second rate, third rate, fourth rate history lesson, just recommending an EXCELLENT album, by an EXCELLENT blues band, what a shame this was scrapped at first... then again there's much more room for appreciation now...
 B00008FOGI-8 POSITIVO  Beautiful archival music from the masters of seminal white electric blues Paul Butterfield and Mike Bloomfield.
 B00008FOGI-9 POSITIVO  If you are a big fan of the first two albums by the original Paul Butterfield Blues Band, then you have to get this outing, and which was supposed to have comprised their initial release for Elektra Records. It got lost in the vaults and was only discovered decades later, almost by accident, per the liner notes. The emphasis here is on Butterfield's vocals and harp (no problem there), whereas on the original two albums Mike Bloomfield and Elvin Bishop were given more leeway to solo. The sound quality of this CD is extremely good, although the bass is somewhat buried in the mix and the harp tends to be out in front of the guitar work, but these are minor observations and not really criticisms. Again, you can't have the first two albums and not get this one too.
 B00008FOGI-10 POSITIVO  A must have for all blues lovers as well as those who need to hear the voice of the consumate blues man,Paul Butterfield. I know I was thrilled to hear these early recordings that were recorded before the release of the first album and featuring the original line-up.
 B00008FOGI-11 POSITIVO  The recording quality may be less than ideal (noticeable in the thin sound of Bloomfield's guitar), but the performances are riveting and dynamic, and they capture the highly-charged and uplifting spirit of the band in its exciting early days. I was at the studio sessions for this album and always wondered what happened to some of the things I heard, for example, the great take of Little Walter's "Me and Piney Brown," which never appeared on any of the band's other albums (Paul Rothchild could be really discriminating!) So, here it is, liberated from oblivion. Listen to "Good Morning, Little Schoolgirl." It's worth the price of the whole CD!
 B00008FOGI-12 NEGATIVO  Not enough Bloomfield guitar, but his keyboard playing fits in well. Butterfield and drummer Sam Lay are on fire, while Elvin and Jerome do a fine job, as usual.
 B000EQ5PPU-0 POSITIVO  Because this recording is on a budget label I took a chance and bought it. What a wonderful surprise! I thought it odd that a coloratura would start out her program with the aria from Louise, but it is a good choice: her French is beautiful and her voice soars. I played it for my wife who pronounced it the perfect cure for a migraine. (Not sure the FDA would approve...) The other French pieces are also sung very, very well. "Bel Raggio" is brilliantly sung and the wide leaps in "Marten aller Arten" hold no terrors for her. All of the stratospheric high notes are actually sung and not just "whistled". If there are noticeable faults they would be that the voice turns a bit steely under pressure and that the coloratura is not quite in the Sutherland, Caball&eacute;, Sills class. But then again, very few are.I plan on checking out her other recordings.Highly recommended.
 B000EQ5PPU-1 POSITIVO  This recording is a gem. If you don't know about Elena Mosuc, get this record. The Eva Cassidy of opera. Clean beautiful, and now at her prime.
 B00000EMQ9-0 POSITIVO  I finally found it!!! After all of my years of searching, it's finally mine!!! Mwwaaahh ha ha ha!!!
 B000LF3Z42-0 POSITIVO  Great music. I would hear the CD track "Drop" on a local radio station and liked what I heard. Decided to buy it from Amazon. Great purchase investment of a CD. The whole CD is fantastic. A really get up and dance to CD.
 B000LF3Z42-1 POSITIVO  This is a nice and relaxing CD. I purchased it because of one selection that I liked very much called "Drop". After listening to the entire CD, I was impressed. If you enjoy jazz or just relaxing music, you will love this CD. Enjoy!
 B0002Z9BLC-0 POSITIVO  Mundane Sounds gets it right. There's a fine line between &quot;sincere&quot; and &quot;sappy&quot;. Greg's found it. Equal parts Roger Miller and Buddy Holly, Parker manages to mine the best parts of country and rock yet sounds current and somewhat timeless. He knows there's a little thing called Melody that's sorely lacking from current songwriting. The songs are deceptively simple but hint at an undercurrent of difficult relationships and hard choices. Looking forward to the LP.
 B00000E711-0 POSITIVO  The debuchery of GG Allin is on full display on the tracks "Recorded Across America" during his final tour before serving time in jail from December 1989 to March 1991 for felonious assault.The back story to the project is Enigma Records dropped out when Allin got into the legal bind and it was eventually released on cassette, with the reissue on CD. The sound quality is bootleg good to fair, but it seems to enhance the spoken word passages and out-of-control vocals aimed to implore, insult and challenge the audience to face the demons that are wickedly exasperated by societal norms. He plays it pretty straight on "Hanging Out with Jim," which shows a side far away from the destructive performance art.This is the rawest of raw power and brilliantly twisted. No rules, indeed.
 B000002NQL-0 POSITIVO  I've had this music on tape for years and just love it. Now I have it on CD and there is even more to love.
 B000002NQL-1 POSITIVO  ALL OF MY LIVE I LIKE THIS MUSIC...I MEAN THIS MUSIC IS CELESTIAL....ALL OF THE TIME...THIS MUSIC IS SPECIAL....IT'S MUSIC FROM THE LORD....CELESTIAL...!
 B000002NQL-2 POSITIVO  &quot;Background music&quot; isn't much of a compliment, I know, but I really do recommend this CD. It calms me down and puts me back into a sunny mood. Great for driving in bad road conditions or doing an icky task. My husband says of folk music that it's really all the same tune, only started at different places and played at different speeds (he's kidding). In this case, its true (for me). I can't tell one track from another, but thank goodness it's a song I like!
 B000002NQL-3 NEGATIVO  I am a big fan of Andean music.Music on this CD is nice but has nothing to do with the Andes, it is more Paraguaian...
 B000002NQL-4 NEUTRO  I have an audio tape of this same title on the Olympic Records label by Los Cranos. It's wonderful; very ethnic, but I think it has different selections than this one. Don't confuse the two.
 B0000929Q6-0 NEUTRO  HELP YOURSELF is one heckuva CD. &quot;Get A Life&quot; and the songs on tracks 6 through 12 comprise the meat of the work. Julian Lennon has been criticized for sounding like his father John Lennon. Well, tough toenails, because you can sound like John Lennon or anybody else and still create enjoyable music, which Julian does on HELP YOURSELF.
 B0000929Q6-1 POSITIVO  In case you were wondering, the re-release from 2009 is not remastered. The sound is 100% identical to the original CD from 1991, they didn't even raise the volume level. The Noble Rot release comes in a digipak with a little essay that the 1991 CD didn't have, but sacrifices the booklet with its lovely photos, all song lyrics and album credits. Plus, the cover and back image of the Noble Rot release are more blurry than on the 1991 CD.The music gets 4 stars from me. Beautiful songs, from ballads to snappy pop numbers, sometimes thoughtful, sometimes funny. And almost an hour of them, too. If you don't have it yet, go for the original CD.
 B0000929Q6-2 POSITIVO  Great album cover (: Like an artifact in a time capsule of the surrounding years. Haven't worn it out, though confidence is contagious as his poignant criticism of the guileless Self and the society which condemns it to pulling up its own boots and then becoming a materialist agent context/content apropos.. Sort of sounds as if an acid rock band were in disguise here. AMAZING!! A MUSICAL VOGAGE WITHIN.. (/"
 B0000929Q6-3 POSITIVO  Julian Lennon at his best. It is a shame that this didn't receive the attention it deserved. On this disc Julian is much more relaxed and through in his songwriting. He spent the time to properly prepare and deliver a beautiful album. A must buy.
 B0000929Q6-4 POSITIVO  I really like this one from Julian, though I dont think its his best. Some really nice songs on here. Saltwater got a lot of airplay, and Take Me Home is one I couldnt stop playing. Beautifully done. Also Listen is a great tune. Its a shame Julian lost interest in music after this release, we would have to wait 7 years for another album.
 B0000929Q6-5 NEGATIVO  I know people might say I'm too critical of Julian and not giving himcredit where credit is due. I also will note that Julian is not John in any way. I always believed Julian was much better than he sounds or I should say, makes himself sound anyway. I believe there is John inside Julian somewhere, but we have yet to see that in his lyrics. I don't think the lyrics are that good honestly, and the sound is more like a 1980's retro alternative than modern day. I suppose what I'm disappointed with, is missing the sound that John developed over his life and I wish Julian would transition back to some of that. I also wish Julian would perform more of his father's music, to grab onto that feeling. Or perhaps I just miss John as most of us do. But I still think Julian can do much better than he has.
 B0000929Q6-6 NEUTRO  This album is pretty bland inoffensive stuff, similar to THE SECRET VALUE OF DAYDREAMING. It's not exactly bad, but it's not exactly good either, in fact it's not much of anything except fluff. It's especially disappointing considering the promise he showed with Mr JORDAN. It does make one wonder, would Julian have ever got a deal without his famous name? I doubt it. Look for more mediocre artists with famous names to come (anyone remember Wilson Phillips?)
 B0000929Q6-7 POSITIVO  Perhaps it just became popular to over-criticize Julian Lennon's work in the late eighties and early nineties, and that's too bad because the young Mr. Lennon put out some great music in those years.Help Yourself includes a wide variety of musical styles from the bizarre &quot;New Physics Rant,&quot; to the beat driven &quot;Get a Life,&quot; to the beautifully melodic &quot;Would You.&quot; It is also a rather intelligent album tackling issues of dealing with difficult people in &quot;Listen,&quot; dealing with your own problems in &quot;Help Yourself,&quot; the environment in &quot;Saltwater,&quot; politics in &quot;Imaginary Lines,&quot; relationships in &quot;Other Side of Town,&quot; and insecurities in &quot;Take Me Home.&quot;Julian Lennon stretches some musical muscle on this album, both in terms of lyrics and score, and what came of that is a truly excellent album. Unfortunately, lack of commericial promotion by the record company has left this work in the shadows all these years.If you already have Photograph Smile and you're looking for another CD by this artist, this is the one to get.
 B0000929Q6-8 POSITIVO  With his fourth cd, Help Yourself, Julian Lennon created his landmark recording. Always being compared to his father, Julian broke from his father's music and created a niche for himself. The excellent &quot;Salt Water&quot;, &quot;Listen&quot;, &quot;Take Me Home&quot;, &quot;Keep The People Working&quot;, &quot;Imaginary Lines&quot; and &quot;Would You&quot; make this Julian's most solid effort. 1999's Photograph Smile is a close second, but it isn't as original as Help Yourself. Here, Lennon matures musically and lyrically, creating a classic recording. This is a must have for any rock collector.
 B0000929Q6-9 POSITIVO  While Photograph Smile is by far and away the best work of Julian Lennon's career, Help Yourself is a close second. This body of work shows him moving toward his current sound, with his melodies and lyrics showing a maturing and depth previously only glimpsed. Several of the songs were emotionally haunting. You can hear and feel the loneliness in Take Me Home and the despair and heartache in Maybe I Was Wrong - both are beautiful songs. Help Yourself is an upbeat and catchy anthem of taking control of your own life. Saltwater makes you think about world problems without being preachy - I found the verse &quot;what will I think of me the day that I die&quot; to be very profound and thought provoking. The cuts show a versatility in style and voice - I thought he had definitely improved and matured as a singer, as well as a songwriter. This CD got better with every listen and I recommend it to anyone who liked Photograph Smile.
 B0000929Q6-10 POSITIVO  (actually 4 1/2 stars) OK, here's a review for all of you out there (and you know who you are!) who voted my little essay on JL's Photograph Smile as &quot;not helpful&quot; because you didn't like what I said about Julian (which I didn't think was all that negative) and not because you found the review helpful in regards to whether you wanted to buy the CD or not... When this came out nine years ago, nobody expected anything from Julian. Atlantic had already given up on him as a viable cash source, as evidenced by the lack of promotion this album recieved, and apparently Jules himself adopted a &quot;what the hell&quot; attitude toward his career. So it seemed he had nothing to lose at this stage. To the interested observer, however, there was a definite progression in his work from the inanities of Valotte and Secret Value of Daydreaming to the almost Bowieesque Mr.Jordan (where the few people who were still listening began to perk up a little...there are some fine songs on Jordan, there just aren't enough of 'em!)...and everyone was hoping Julian's new one would continue the slow march to respectablilty. The first thing I heard from Help Yourself was when I saw the video for Saltwater late on MTV one night. I was amazed by its beautiful melody (with its Harrisong slide accompaniment) and nice vocal work...and the video was nicely understated and moving as well. This time, I knew Jules had something going on. When the radio station I where I worked got a couple of promo copies, I took one home and listened to it for months. Couldn't stop! This was Lennon's best batch of songs ever: Rebel King, Bowieish again...very dramatic; the wittily rocking title cut (which features gorgeous BV's);Get A Life, which reminds me a bit of Squeeze; Take Me Home (beautiful, sad and melancholy; JL actually evokes these emotions rather than forces them down the listener's throat a la Photograph Smile) and the emotional centerpiece of the CD Would You, which speakes to Lennon's emotional state at the time, but is understated enough to win sympathy rather than inspire disgust...special mention must also go to the New Physics Rant, which is quite unlike anything Julian did before or after; aided a lot by producer Bob Ezrin and his ever present children's choirs, Jules manages to channel Eno-era Bowie and create a maniacal funk tune that is just this side of deranged. You may or may not like Rant, but you won't forget it...I think it's as good as anything he's ever done. However...based on the evidence of Jules' music before and after this album, I've almost come to the conclusion that this CD might not have been as inventive and clever if it hadn't been for the help and arrangements of his collaborators Bob Ezrin, Michael Kamen, and others...I docked this a half notch because there are, in all fairness, some slow stretches with songs such as Maybe I Was Wrong, Other Side Of Town and the muddled closer Keep The People Working. Whatever and whoever is responsible, though, that doesn't change the fact that Help Yourself is, in my opinion, one of the best albums of the 90's and is an underrated gem. If you think Photograph Smile is hot stuff and you haven't heard this, then make sure you're sitting down, because you've got a surprise coming!
 B0000929Q6-11 POSITIVO  By making this purchase, I have finally completed my collection of Julian Lennon albums. Except, of course, for his new album that is due to be released sometime this year. ;)After only listening to "Help Yourself" the first time through, I have already come to love this CD just as much as I do his previous ones and "Photograph Smile". With "Mr. Jordan" Julian was trying to find himself musically and vocally; but on "Help Yourself", he's trying to find himself more personally. As you listen to it, it takes you on his personal journey of self-discovery. Musically he also has matured even more from "Mr. Jordan" and seems to have finally found his niche with "Help Yourself".I love all the songs on this album! Even the very odd "New Physics Rant" has a charm to it that makes it a fun song to listen to. The Girl Scouts troop singing backup is so cute. :)Although, I guess if I had to choose my most favorite songs from this album, they would be: Saltwater, Get A Life, Would You, Maybe I Was Wrong, Help Yourself, Listen, Other Side Of Town, Take Me Home, Imaginary Lines & Keep the People Working. I told you I love them all. I think I mentioned almost all of them. :)As with "Mr. Jordan", it is a real shame that Atlantic Records didn't promote this better. I keep asking myself..."What were these people thinking?!" If it had been promoted better, I think it would have done very well. Shame on them. :/So if you love Julian's music, you will definitely love this album just as much as his others. It's a definite, must have, for any Julian fan. :)
 B0000929Q6-12 POSITIVO  I don't use the word fan, but I do own all of his albums. This is my favorite. The romantic journey found in &quot;Take me home&quot; is so touching it became &quot;our song&quot; in a relationship which has become an 8 year marriage. &quot;Salt Water&quot; a song I sat alone in the mountains listening to in the dark when I needed to think.This album really is his best to date in my opinion. It is a blend of lilting optomism, and joy. Just plain well written, performed- lovely!
 B0000929Q6-13 POSITIVO  This is the definitive Julian Lennon album. It fulfills the promise of the Lennon legacy with supreme confidence, ability and charm. It is a far-reaching album that collects all the varied styles and influences at play on previous discs and delivers them in a distinctive package that is singularly Julian. It's a complex work of breathtaking sweep that even his father never really achieved, taking on a number of subjects both social and personal. The arrangements and production are as intricate as anything on &quot;Photograph Smile&quot; without the addition of saccharine. In its day, the advent of Q Sound made this album swell from the speakers and fill the room with song. Considering how successful &quot;Mr. Jordan&quot; was, it's a shame this didn't find a bigger audience.BTW, am I not the only one who thinks it's an uncredited George Harrison playing the guitar solo on &quot;Saltwater&quot;?
 B0000929Q6-14 POSITIVO  Still in the player after 2 months says i liked it. I am a Julian fan from the Valotte single and have been intrigued by his writing style.... I was rekindled to his musical heritage (guess?) from friends who then rekindled sooo many memories and then influences upon me. Then I saw this man in the &quot;saltwater&quot; video and heard and knew what i had been missing since &quot;Valotte&quot;..it was JULIAN!
 B0000929Q6-15 POSITIVO  After buying and loving Photograph Smile, I bought this CD and my only disappointment is that I didn't discover it in 1991. Displaying an amazing vocal versatility and showing remarkable progress and maturity as a singer and songwriter, this CD shows him moving closer to his current sound in Photograph Smile. You can feel the emotion of Maybe I Was Wrong and Take Me Home and the positive energy of Help Yourself. This man is incredibly talented and probably one of the most under-rated musicians out there. Buy this CD and see if you don't agree and wonder why it didn't hit big when it was originally released. The best of the four pre-Photograph Smile CD's, including Valotte, in my opinion.
 B0000929Q6-16 POSITIVO  Help Yourself is awesome. for people who think Julian is just a son of John lennon, this album is going to change your mind. he is a great musician, and he deserves the better attention! listen to the second song&quot;saltwater&quot;, it's just so beautiful. With Paul McCartney, Julian is the one who knows the beaty of music and there not many of them out there. Be patient if you think you dont get his music. it takes time to really know a great music sometimes.
 B000058T5H-0 POSITIVO  This CD was one of tha best CD's Gloria has ever releast. It contains all her latest hist some of witch you can't get on other CD's like Music of the Heart and out of nowhare. this CD is great!!!
 B000058T5H-1 POSITIVO  I have been a Gloria fan for years.This is a real good cd.There were a few songs I could have done without,like the song music of my heart with nsucks I mean nsinc.Overall the cd is very good and I recommend it highly
 B000058T5H-2 POSITIVO  This CD is so much fun. The majority of the songs are upbeat and totally danceable. Her son, Nayib, did a re-mix of &quot;Conga,&quot; and it does grow on you after a while. &quot;Out Of Nowhere&quot; is a great new song, but I prefer &quot;I Got No Love.&quot; The dance version of &quot;I'm Not Giving You Up&quot; is very enjoyable, and I like both this and the Destiny version equally. &quot;If We Were Lovers&quot; is the English version of &quot;Con Los Anos Que Me Quedan&quot; from Mi Tierra, and it's simply a beautiful song. Volume II may not have the mega-hits the first compilation does, but it's just an all around terrific dance CD, and should be seen as that more than anything else.
 B000058T5H-3 NEUTRO  For those who want dance/party mixes, get this album. While Reach is inspiring, this album is filled with a LOT of remixes that may work for a dance party, but don't do much while listening at home or in a car.
 B000058T5H-4 POSITIVO  I know, Gloria Estefan isn't the best vocalist around, But, this album shines full of dance rhythms! The first, Turn the beat around is full of dance cubanistic pop rondos, and Everlasting love is also full of pure hot dance goodness. Heaven's what I feel is a techno freak's delight and Reach is a ballad that can touch and make emotions come out of the manliest of men.(My friend Sonny cried when he heard this song)Oye is a spanglish dance song full of happiness, and Out of nowhere makes ya wanna go back and dance all over again. But my only complaint is the song Y-tu-conga, Why remix a already good song? I dont get it. Well newayz-Laterz
 B000058T5H-5 POSITIVO  This is a great album! You'll love it!
 B000058T5H-6 NEUTRO  First off...what hits???This album by gloria is called a greatest hits, but there are no # 1 hits, a few Top 40 tracks and does not even come close to the perfection of the previous one's tracklist.Sure., they tried to work it differently for the market, this time.You have more uptempos, some of the songs have been remixed (sound nice PARTY TIME and just great I'M NOT GIVING YOU UP), but i see pointless the adding of the CONGA remixed version by Gloria's son...It is cool, instead, her collaboration with pop teen idols N'Sync on the Diane Warren-penned, David Foster-produced MUSIC OF MY HEART, from the same-titled movie.She's got three new tracks to uplift the collection, but only OUT OF NOWHERE sparks properly, with big beats and catchy chorus.I GOT NO LOVE is a messy thing...and YOU CAN'T WALK AWAY FROM LOVE is supposed to be sexy, raunchy and sensual, but comes out only as a lukewarm ballad.Just like the Banderas/Jolie flop movie Original Sin from which it is taken from.Gloria should have waited another album to release a proper greatest hits package volume 2.
 B000058T5H-7 NEGATIVO  sorry, i just find this album to be a bit of a raw dealgloria's classic tracks are all those '80s faves - dr beat, rhythm is gonna... all on her first gr8est hits. this one has nothing much on it, the songs are good enough, but the album material overall just doesn't seem to add up to much value somehow. saying that, her album tracks generally i love.I think the best of gloria since the '80s is all in her cuban music, that is brilliant, tracks like mi voy, mas allas, regress a mi, la pretendo, renacer, si voy a perdete, la paranda, etc, to me, that is true-gloria.
 B000058T5H-8 NEGATIVO  Homely Estefan is a weak vocalist with no talent to speak of. She can't dance, she can't sing well, and she's nothing to look at. She and J-Lo are the worst examples of modern "superstars". They both get by on the flimsiest of talent. In J-Lo's case, it's her artifically pumped up rear end. Anyway, here we have a bunch of vacuous non-songs, even worse than the first volume. At least that had one decent tune, "Words Get in the Way". This doesn't even have that many good songs. And what's this retread of "Conga" doing here? Yuck! It was bad enough in the original version. My true rating: ZERO STARS.
 B000058T5H-9 POSITIVO  First off, if you want her a good place to start with Gloria Estefan's music, try the original Greatest Hits. Not saying this is a bad collection, but the first one was just awesome. Greatest Hits Volume II is quite an accomplishment, Gloria has had quite a career and this is another milestone. The album features 10 hits and 3 new songs. Hits include her mega hit from the 1996 Olympics in Altanta called Reach, a very empowering song that enstows faith in you as you listen to it, Heaven's What I Feel, the anthem from her 1998 Gloria! album, the hit duet with N Sync titled Music Of The Heart from the movie of the same name, Oye the high energy flavored Latin salsa song, Turn The Beat Back Around, Everlasting Love, If We Were Lovers, You'll Be Mine, Im Not Giving You Up and Y-Tu-Conga. The new songs are wonderful, starting with You Can't Walk Away From Love (from Original Sin), I Got No Love, a nice latin flavored song, and my favorite, called Out of Nowhere. This is a nice collection, and a must for fans.
 B000058T5H-10 POSITIVO  Gloria Estefan's second greatest hits package starts off with what is truly the only big hit she's had since her last best of disc--her cover of the disco classic 'Turn The Beat Around', which in my opinion actually superceded the original. The rest of the disc is made up primarily of songs that were hits on the dance and/or adult contemporary charts, but failed to make a dent at Top 40 radio. A shame, because this is at least as interesting as the first hits record(extra kudos for providing the remix version of 'I'm Not Giving You Up' as opposed to the maudlin original). Other prime cuts include 'Reach'(the best thing about her otherwise boring DESTINY cd), Heaven's What I Feel, and the aforementioned remix. It would have been nice to see 'Don't Let This Moment End'(which is listed on Amazon's track list for the cd, but is NOT on the cd), but otherwise this is definately a worthy collection to Estefan's discography.
 B000058T5H-11 NEGATIVO  If this was a CD with a title like "Random Stuff From Gloria" I would give it 3 stars and a good listenable CD with a couple of good songs and worth owning.However, as it is called Greatest Hits, would have to give it 1 star. There are no hits and even new songs. New songs do not belong on a greatest hits CD.If she wanted to put out a CD of just remixes that would be good too. This is not that. It is just a big mess of random stuff.
 B000058T5H-12 POSITIVO  A gloria estefan release is always an important day in my calendar be it a greatest hits venture or an album of new trax. this is a combo of both. it is no mean feat for an artist to get 2 genuine greatest hits out in their lifetime, &amp; Gloria deserves to celebrate her longevity with this catalogue of her hits from 1994, plus a few new gemz, most notably the cracking Out Of Nowhere, an uptempo latiny-dance number which has already seen me shake my thang. The compilation is not just an arbitrary assembly of all gloria's singles from 1994 - Higher &amp; the Spanish singles are om,itted. It is merely a synopsis of some of Gloria's career highlights from then, should it be the Official Olympic theme Reach (what a priviliege that is for any artisit to have) &amp; The No 1 NSync duet, to the uptempo numbers of Party-Time (which reminds me of seeing the Evolution Tour, front row no less), Turn The Beat &amp; Everlasting Love, and personal fave Oye (could those horns be any hotter???. Real HiNRG there, and an excellent example of the brilliance of her gloria! album). The lady represents so many different personae - camp disco queen, Karen Carpenterish balladeer, a modern Celia Cruz, pop star and true Diva (or 'divette', to quote the lady herself). I look forward to the next chapter in Gloria's exciting, diverse, challenging but ultimately rewardingly successful career. A true legend - and how many true legends are there in music today?
 B000058T5H-13 POSITIVO  Although she is a great singer, this album could have been a little bit better. Go with her first greatest hits, but buying this album is not like a waste of money, it is still good.
 B000058T5H-14 POSITIVO  Gloria Estefan always provides quality material, so its no surprise we are at Volume II of her greatest hits, providing some hits as well as some great new tracks. With the hits we have the inspiring &quot;Reach&quot; which was used in the 1996 Olympics. &quot;Turn The Beat Around&quot; and &quot;Everlasting Love&quot; are classic Estefan. &quot;Heaven's What I Feel&quot; and &quot;Oye&quot; come from her latest studio album GLORIA!, with some fun disco which creates a nice aura. The Nsync collaboration &quot;Music of the Heart&quot; works well, its a nice inspirational song. Of the new songs we have the ballads &quot;You Cant Walk Away From Love&quot; and &quot;I Got No Love&quot;, some really great tracks. My favorite happens to be &quot;Out of Nowhere&quot;, an upbeat get your groove on song. Overall GREATEST HITS VOL II is a must have even for the casual fan.
 B000058T5H-15 POSITIVO  Here are some comments Gloria Estefan have written herself and I have taken a little of it and placed it here. Here is a little exert: &quot;Why was &quot;Live for Loving&quot; etc., not included in GHII? It was one of the new songs on GH1 so I didn't even consider it. Why was &quot;Don't Let This Moment&quot; excluded after it was announced? I chose to give Nayib a shot with Y-Tu-Conga instead. I think you need a little inside info as to why a certain number of songs are included on albums. Contractually Sony only pays the &quot;statutory rate&quot; (the amount the federal government pays a writer for each song on an album) for usually 12 songs per album (in my case 13).If you put more songs on (and I could if I wanted to) the writers have to pro-rate the money and each of them make far less on each song. If they were all written by me I wouldn't care but they are all different writers who would then get penalized for me putting more songs on my album. I make money from every record as an artist but for these writers it's their only shot at making anything. For this reason I limit the albums to the amount of songs Sony pays full rate for, so the writers can make the most they can. It may look like a business decision but to me it's a very human one. Why did we not include Spanish? I thought of doing a &quot;Double Album&quot;, one with English hits and one with Spanish. But I thought this would become very expensive for you, the fans. There will be an all-Spanish GH down the road. Why didn't I shoot a new picture? Bottom line.......I really dislike photo shoots! They take alot of time in the planning a new look, wardrobe, TIME, etc. And this would all have to have taken place during the holidays while I was recording and mixing the new songs and trying to make up to Emilio and Nayibe the fact that they had practically no holidays last year because of the millenniuum show. I couldn't use unseen &quot;long-haired pictures&quot; because my hair is shorter. So I was pretty limited in my choices. But the one I picked is one of my favorites. We used no color because I wanted &quot;simplicity&quot; for this cover. I chose the title GHII because I thought it was simple and to the point. All the other countless titles we came up with lacked something for me and I thought sounded &quot;gimmicky&quot;. I also thought it was a great milestone to have a secong Greatest Hits. I loved the clean simplicity of both the picture and title and thought it represented best who I am. In any case, I'm sure I can't answer ALL your questions but I hope at least you get some answers. I also have chosen not to travel and kill myself with alot of promotion because, as I've said before, &quot;I didn't work this hard to WORK this hard!&quot; LOL.....Oh well, just know that regardless of how bad things might look to you we would NEVER just throw something out there. And alot of thought goes on as to how I present my image to the world. Of course, not everyone will agree with or like every choice I make. But I do care deeply about how you, my fans, think.&quot;
 B000058T5H-16 POSITIVO  This second collection of hits by Gloria Estefan shows why she is still considered one of the biggest and best divas in the business, even after 15 years. The album includes the great dance tracks like the classic &quot;Turn The Beat Around&quot;, the catchy single remix of &quot;Party Time&quot;, and the phenomenal &quot;Heaven's What I Feel&quot;. Also included is the single remix of &quot;I'm Not Giving You Up&quot; (the 1996 original from &quot;Destiny&quot; is even better) and the huge club smash &quot;Oye&quot; which shows why Gloria is considered the Queen of Latin Music. Like most hits packages, the set also includes three new songs. &quot;You Can't Walk Away From Love&quot; sounds as if it should have been included on &quot;Destiny&quot; and does take a few spins before it starts to grow on you. &quot;I Got No Love&quot; is a smooth track which touches on Gloria's R&amp;B side and the standout of the three new tunes is the explosive, dance-floor destined &quot;Out Of Nowhere&quot;. Here we hear some of Gloria's best vocals in years, as well as some steamy lyrics, both of which, combined with the great music, shows Gloria heading in a new direction. This will be a highly-requested song by all club-goers. However, the album does have a few drawbacks. One is the inclusion of &quot;If We Were Lovers&quot;, an English version of the superb &quot;Con Los A&ntilde;os Que Me Quedan&quot;. This version pales in comparison to the original and just does not flow and seems forced in English. The version of &quot;Everlasting Love&quot; is not the great, better dance version found on the single (even though it says 'video version' on the insert). They really should have put the remix here and not the original. Also, the exclusion of her 1999 Grammy-nominated &quot;Don't Let This Moment End&quot; is a bit of a let-down. However, the rest of this album more than makes up for it's few flaws. Gloria Estefan continues making incredible music and this collection of her best of the past 9 years showcases her great talent and is sure to be only the second in a many volume of hits.
 B000058T5H-17 POSITIVO  Amazing cuban style. The best of the best.most famous songs from Gloria Stefan. One of the esentials in everyones music base
 B000058T5H-18 POSITIVO  I had a hard time finding one song,"You can't walk away from love"...I lovethe movie, so...
 B000058T5H-19 POSITIVO  When an artist releases a greatest hits CD, one expects the volume 1 of that artists' hits to be good and with Gloria Estefan she accomplished that on her first hits package, giving us one of the more enjoyable hits package around, from classics like &quot;Conga&quot;, &quot;Anything For You&quot; and &quot;Here We Are&quot;, to the suprise hit &quot;I See Your Smile&quot; this album is a true winner. Now for an the same artist to release a greatest hits II package and expect it to hold up just as well as the first is something that artist hopes hold true. With &quot;Greatest Hits II&quot; Gloria gives us more songs that have put this artist future into the realm of excellence. On this album Gloria continues where &quot;Greatest Hits I&quot;. Starting with 1993 and landing into this year. Songs like &quot;Turn The Beat Around&quot; and &quot;Everlasting Love&quot; from the album &quot;Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me&quot; in 1994, continuing with &quot;Reach&quot;, &quot;I'm Not Giving You Up&quot; and &quot;You'll Be Mine&quot; from the underrated &quot;Destiny&quot; album in 1996, and landing into 2001, with a new song &quot;You Can't Walk Away From Love&quot; which if people love this artist should hope to see this in the top 10, were this artist and song belong, all in all &quot;Greatest Hits II&quot; holds up just as well as &quot;Greatest Hits I&quot; just to prove you should never count an artist out.
 B000058T5H-20 POSITIVO  Gloria Estefan does it one more time with this amazing collection of hits. I didnt think that she could top her first Greatest Hits album..but she proved me wrong! All 10 greatest hits tracks are wonderful. But her three new songs are soon to be classics. Out of Nowhere..will soon be a club and radio hit! As will I Got No Love...cowritten by Jon Secada...the song is full of R&amp;B flavor...a new sound for Gloria, but it fits her well...A MUST HAVE IN YOUR COLLECTION!!! You wont be disappointed. You also get some cool linear notes on each of her hits...some behind the music stuff its real cool. ENJOY!
 B000058T5H-21 POSITIVO  It's a well known fact that Gloria Estefan is one of the most popular female performers ever to grace the stage. Her songs are loved by all. &quot;Greatest Hits Vol. 2&quot; proves this statement true. The CD packs 10 English hits as well as three new songs, which are sure to be chart toppers. As a bonus, Gloria included &quot;Y-Tu-Conga&quot; a remix of the classic, &quot;Conga&quot; mixed by Gloria's son, Nayib. The remix starts off using the original vocals recorded in 1985. However, towards the end, Gloria ad-libs the classic chorus, &quot;Come on shake your body baby do the Conga!&quot; As a bonus, some clips of &quot;Conga&quot; performed from live shows are thrown in, as well as ad-libbed clips from &quot;Dr. Beat&quot; and &quot;Rhythm Is Gonna Get You.&quot; &quot;Vol. 2&quot; is essential to your CD collection, right next to Vol. 1. This CD also shows that Gloria Estefan is here to stay!
 B000058T5H-22 POSITIVO  Gloria Estefan has been an artist that has been able to mantain success over the years, adapting to the musical changes of our times; one of the finest artist around, a true chamaleon in Pop music surprising us with every new album. &quot;Greatesst Hits Vol. 2&quot; compiles Gloria's best songs over the past 9 years (Since her first Greatest Hits in 1992), the songs include &quot;Turn the beat around&quot; and &quot;Everlasting Love&quot; gems of the &quot;Hold me, thrill me, kiss me&quot; album (1994); &quot;Reach&quot;, &quot;I'm not giving you up&quot; (Remix) and &quot;You'll be mine (Party time)&quot; (Dance Remix) from her critically acclaimed &quot;Destiny&quot; (1996); &quot;Heaven's what I feel&quot; and &quot;Oye&quot; from the incredible dance cd of 1998 &quot;Gloria!&quot;. She also treats us with &quot;If we were lovers&quot; a wonderful song from the 1993 album &quot;Mi tierra&quot; (Spanish version: &quot;Con los a&ntilde;os que me quedan&quot;), &quot;Music of the heart&quot; (Duet with *NSYNC) a top 40 for last years music charts. Unfortunately there were some songs that were great hits but were left out (?) like Carol King's &quot;It's too late&quot;, &quot;Don't let this moment end&quot; (Grammy nominated song). The great part of this cd are the new songs, there are three: &quot;You can't walk away from love&quot; (already on rotation on top 40 stations) a great fusion of latin percussion and orchestral background, makes this ballad a favorite and shows Gloria's ability as a songwriter; &quot;Out of nowhere&quot; invites us all to the dance floor, a sure to be hit and &quot;I've got no love&quot; great song with R&amp;B flavor making Gloria's voice sound very cool and different and finally &quot;Y tu conga&quot; (a remix version of her first hit &quot;Conga&quot;) Remixed by little Louie Vega and her Son Nayib Estefan, with electronic loops it sounds so fresh is hard to believe that song was recorded in 1983. Defenetly a great collection that leaves us waiting for what this DIVA will be doing in the next years, and I have no doubt to see some time around a Greatest Hits Vol. 3!
 B000058T5H-23 POSITIVO  This album proves that she will be around longer. I like the selection of the songs. The songs are remixed more into a dance version. This album is as good as the first hit album.
 B000058T5H-24 POSITIVO  I bought most of Gloria's CDs so I already have all the hits included in this CD. My reason for buying this new CD was to see how good were the three new songs included in the album. And I must say that I was amazed with the quality and different styles of the new songs. The best english songs she has had in a while. All three are fantastic, specially &quot;You can't walk away from love&quot; and &quot;Out of nowhere&quot; which will soon be new hits. The new songs alone make worthwhile buying this CD. Gloria has NEW HITS already! I now just miss a LIVE album!
 B000058T5H-25 POSITIVO  Almost 10 years have gone by since the release of Gloria's first greatest hits compilation. A lot has happened between these two compilations, but she is back with yet another greatest hits album. This one includes the hits from 1994 to 2000.TURN THE BEAT AROUNDFrom the album Hold Me Thrill Me Kiss Me (1994). The album Hold Me Thrill Me Kiss Me (1994) is an album that contains all of Gloria's renditions of older songs she has loved when she was growing up. This hit was one of those songs. Originally recorded by the late Vickie Sue Robinson, Gloria turned this one into an undestroyable hit.EVERLASTING LOVEFrom the album Hold Me Thrill Me Kiss Me (1994). Originally recorded by Carl Carlton, Gloria made the better rendition and nobody can deny that. The music video is said to be Gloria's favorite because she wasn't in it. She was about to give birth to her daughter, Emily, when the time came to shoot this video. She said that she was not getting in front of the camera, not even for a close-up. She asked herself, 'Who can do me better than me?' She said it was an easy answer, for she had performed many live shows where she spotted a lot of men dressed up as her. She thought that those guys were great impersonating her, so they went out to scout for five guys who would want to become Gloria in this video. They got five guys to do the job. One of them wore the actual dress that Gloria used in her Live For Loving You music video. Not a replica, the exact one. She thought the guys did a great job in the video, she took two of them as dancers on the road for her Evolution world tour.REACHFrom the album Destiny (1996). From the 1996 Summer Olympics Games Album (1996). In 1996, Gloria was asked to record the main theme for the '96 Summer Olympics. Gloria was more than thrilled, but she didn't have any idea of what to write. Diane Warren, famous songwriter, came to Gloria with a title called Reach. In fifteen minutes, they came up with the unbelievable hit. It is one of my favorites and always will be.IF WE WERE LOVERS (English Version)Previously unreleased. Spanish version from the album Mi Tierra (1993). Back in late 1990, after the accident, Gloria had written this song for the Into The Light (1991) album. She even recorded it, but she cut it from the final selections because she didn't think it would fit with the rest of the album. While recording for the Mi Tierra (1993) album, she decided to use this song, but record it in Spanish, being that the Mi Tierra (1993) album is a Spanish album. This greatest hits collection marks the first album to include the English version of this great song.YOU'LL BE MINE (PARTY TIME) (Single Mix)Original version from the album Destiny (1996). This is really no different from the original, but it's still a classic.HEAVEN'S WHAT I FEELFrom the album Gloria (1998). For starters, she called her 1998 dance fused album Gloria because the front cover features only her eyes behind a blue circle. Her full name is not printed on the front cover, so calling it Gloria would indicate that this is an album by Gloria Estefan. Secondly, this song was originally recorded by Celine Dion, while she was recording for her Let's Talk About Love (1997) album. Unfortunately, Celine did not choose it in the final song selections. Celine is good friends with Gloria, so she let her hear the song. Gloria loved the lyrics and melody so much, that she asked to re-record the song. Celine, of course, gave the Okay, and Gloria released it as the first single from her album, Gloria (1998).I'M NOT GIVING YOU UP (Single Remix)Original version from the album Destiny (1996). Gloria recorded this song for the album Destiny (1996), but the album contains the ballad version. She also recorded a dance remix version. A lot of her fans really enjoyed the dance remix, but they never had the chance to buy the dance remix because it was not available on any album or any of the singles, so she decided to put it here. The album version is much better.MUSIC OF MY HEART (with *NSYNC)From the original motion picture &amp; soundtrack Music Of The Heart (2000). This theme song inspired Wes Craven's Music Of The Heart. The film stars Meryl Streep, Aidan Quinn, Angela Basset, and, in her first starring role, Gloria Estefan. She had a fun time shooting this film as it was, but she had even more fun when she recorded this song with *NSYNC. They both had an amazing time together and still remain great friends.OYEFrom the album Gloria (1998). Not bad.YOU CAN'T WALK AWAY FROM LOVENew song. From the original motion picture Original Sin (2001). Not bad.OUT OF NOWHERENew song. Not bad.I GOT NO LOVENew Song. Not bad.Y-TU-CONGA (Remix of Conga)Original version of Conga from Miami Sound Machine's album Primitive Love (1985). Gloria has said that for years, her son, Nayib, has been wanting to do a remix of Conga and she finally made an album where she could allow him to do so. She said that Conga has always been one of her favorite songs and she loves to know that people, even today, 19 years after it's release, love it still. She said that this remix is her favorite remix because her son had taken part in remixing it.Gloria still has a way of winning her fans over and she does so by releasing this second greatest hits compilation. Buy this album and we'll see what's next in store for Gloria.
 B000058T5H-26 POSITIVO  What a fantastic album-and what a great idea to include some of Gloria's hottest tracks all on one gorgeous digital gem. I am so glad to hear &quot;Turn The Beat Around&quot;, the hot remix of &quot;I'm Not Giving You Up&quot;, and the divine &quot;Heaven's What I Feel&quot;.This collection far surpasses Gloria's first package. Instead of tepid ballads, Gloria dishes the dance tracks that will send you soaring. Some of the tracks are a bit slow and unimpressive, including the new tracks. &quot;Out of Nowhere&quot; is okay(no where near the caliber of her work on &quot;Gloria!&quot;), and &quot;Music Of My Heart&quot; should have been forgotten about. The remix of &quot;Conga&quot; is cute, but hardly hot. Gloria should have included &quot;Don't Let This Moment End&quot; and all could be forgiven.So the final word? Gloria is a superstar, and this collection, while not perfect, is definately worth a buy.
 B000058T5H-27 POSITIVO  For over 5 years, Gloria Estefan has been my all-time favorite artist. Through these past 5 years I have accumulated all of her albums, and I have to say, after just one listening of this album, it has instantly become my favorite Gloria album. This is mostly because I like her 90's stuff, better than her 80's stuff. And this album is just jam packed with the best songs of her career from 1993 until the present.As an added bonus, Gloria adds three completely new, English songs. The first is a beutifully written ballad titled, &quot;You Can't Walk Away From Love.&quot; The second is a fantasically produced dance number that had me dancing the first time I heard it. It is called &quot;Out of Nowhere.&quot; It really is a catchy song. The third is a mysterious little number called, &quot;I Got No Love.&quot; This one might take a couple times of listening to it before you start to like it, but believe me, it will grow on you like no other song has. As one last surprise, Gloria adds a remix, produced by her son, of her breakthrough hit, Conga. It is so much fun to listen to!Obviously, if you are a die-hard Gloria fan, this is a must-have. But, if your not, I still highly recommend this album because it does a great job of highlighting the best of Gloria's career in the past 8 years.
 B000058T5H-28 POSITIVO  Gloria's second Greatest Hits it's a smooth move to this Cuban chanteuse, that approach the 90's in a mature secure way. The record starts with "Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me" tracks, "Turn The Beat Around" it's a club anthem, a mayhem of beats, a true dance gem, usually remakes don;t work but this one did. "Everlasting Love" This classic uplifting track is just pure pop delight. "Reach" is a simple pop-folk tune, a true anthem to raise the spirit. "I'm Not Giving You Up", heartbreaking, with dramatic club house beats..the line where Gloria sings "we'll find a way to be together, however long takes wherever..." wow, just amazing. "You'll Bi Mine" party Gloria!, just happy song! latino rhythms, "Heaven's What I Feel" love club song, how do you supposed to not dance to this, "Oye" strong funky latin club beats, one of Gloria's best!, "Music Of My Heart" joined by Nsync, pretty adult contemporary songs, a-la-Dion, "Out Of Nowhere" new latin-beats of miami club, speedy and flaky, "I Got No Love" mature and heartfelt, "Y Tu Conga" new remake of Conga and some extra samples of Dr Beat. "If We Were Lovers" and english version of "Con Los Anios Que Me Quedan", very dramatic. Overall Greatest Hits Vol. II shows Gloria's Great Repertuar of the 90's and her conviction of making latin-club music for the mainstream audience, a great artist.
 B00005S6V8-0 NEUTRO  realmente no hay mucho que decir de esta inusual grabacion..la voz ? en gran condicion..el material ? variable....si solo por "Sevilla' con la inmortal Rocio jurado y "una rosa es una rosa" una deliciosa rumba...el resto es realmente insipido...aun con la maravillosa voz de Raphael..como hecho de menos esas grabaciones de la musica de manuel alejandro, perales y el inigualable Bebu Silveti
 B00000228J-0 POSITIVO  I recently saw Wild T and his new Spirit in a cafe in a small town in Holland (i.e.Someren). I travelled all the way from Ireland especially for this gig. To be honest, I had no expectations of what was to come. Firstly the concert had no cover charge,and most of the people in attendance had never heard of Wild T. BOY! Were they in for a surprise.With no lighting, and literally a 5 minute warm up, Wild T gave me the performance of my life. This guy just oozes so much confidence,and MAN! did he rock!!! Hendrix was covered, and also a couple of Bob Marley (Stir it Up, and DOnt worry bout a thing - Dont know the proper title of that one) which really impressed me with the Rock overtones. Tony (i.e. Wild T) really made my night by dedicating not one, but two of my favourite Wild T songs for me (A really Stonking Status Quo'ish version of Mean Mean Mama from his 1st CD, and a rip-roaring Freedom Train) from Givin Blood. I was left completely overwhelmed at the end of the night such was the passionate delivery Wild T and the Spirit displayed. I had missed the last bus home by about 3 hours, and ended up on a park bench, but that didnt bother me at all. That must say something. I am very sure we will meet up again Tony. Trust me.Onto this CD, the standout tracks are the aforementioned "Freedom Train", the equally impressive "I'm a River" (Both out and out memorable pieces of Hard Rock)and the funkish rocker "I've got the rhythm", and if its good heavy Blues you want a la ZZ Top, check out "Everythang". "Telephone Freak" is Wild T at his best vocally in my opinion. A tongue in cheek up-tempo number which leaves you mesmerised. A softer side to the CD is exposed by way of "Loveland" and Midnight Blues (Also covered on Wild T's other CD LOVE CRAZY). "Givin Blood" is a Must have for any Rock Music lover. Same goes with "Love Crazy".
 B002436WF8-0 POSITIVO  We bought this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter who just got a big girl bed and was having trouble falling asleep. She could not express why, so we thought this video might help her articulate her feelings. It made everything worse. Now she is afraid of monsters in her room and everywhere else in the house.I think if your child is already afraid of things in the dark it is GREAT, but if your child has no ideas about monsters, or total darkness fears you should not purchase it.
 B002436WF8-1 NEGATIVO  My 15 month old loves Elmo. This DVD however had too much talking and conversation and he was quickly bored. He didn't seem too fond of Elmo's daddy either. His appearance should have been as friendly as Elmo only bigger and with glasses maybe. Those eyebrows and unfriendly voice kept my son very far from the TV set! lol
 B002436WF8-2 NEUTRO  Cute movie until the 3rd "story", which was a little too scary for my 2-3/4 year old granddaughter. The characters started talking about being scared of monsters and the dark.....time to turn it off! said my granddaughter.May be better for 4 and 5 year olds.
 B002436WF8-3 NEGATIVO  I wish I had read these reviews before buying this DVD at a local store. I had to turn it off because of the focus on scary things at night. My child is not fearful, just misses her crib. Hopefully she will not be fearful after watching this. I was looking for a nice fun relaxing time with Elmo to help cast a positive light on bed time and the big bed. This was NOT it. I will stick with bedtime stories and ditch this DVD.
 B002436WF8-4 NEGATIVO  Normally Seasame Street products are terrific, but this one fails miserably. There are 3 reasons why: 1. too much emphasis on fun, 2. Elmo models horrible behavior, and 3. the music is too upbeat.Fun is fine and dandy when it's time to be awake or to be learning about cool stuff but fun doesn't work well when it's time to get sleepy and relaxed. Fun is about excitement which is the opposite of relaxation.This was the first time I ever saw Elmo's dad shown and Elmo acts terribly towards his father. At first, the pair are having a pleasant time reading and getting ready for bed with smiles and laughter, but Elmo decides he doesn't want to goto bed and suddenly engages in a power struggle with his father. Eventually, Elmo wins with his exhausted father giving up and dropping his head onto Elmo's bed with Elmo proudly smiling over his victory. This is a major offensive problem. It isn't fun. It isn't funny. And it is certainly appalling. It is even worse when you consider that Elmo is a hero to little kids. And when toddlers see Elmo acting like this they are going to mimic it as well. Our bedtime ritual before this DVD was pleasant and happy and now it's a nightmare!Lastly, there's a reason why lullabies are sung to children to help them sleep. It's because they're melodic, slow, and help the body to relax. Almost, all of the music in the DvD is fast paced and "fun." How do you sleep when you've been all wound up?I recommend that you get a nice lullaby cd and do some reading with your child before bedtime instead of having them watch this dvd. You'll have some quality time with your child and you'll both be happier for it.
 B002436WF8-5 POSITIVO  My little guy loves this! Some reviewers complain that it's too upbeat for bedtime, but it slows way down after the first few songs. Besides, TV isn't a substitute for a quiet bedtime routine; watch the video, turn off the TV, and then start your routine. Also, what doesn't work for a child at one age might be great a few months later, so if your child doesn't respond well, put it away for a few months and then try it again. My only complaint is that it doesn't cover toothbrushing.
 B002436WF8-6 NEGATIVO  Until watching this video my son thought monsters were all good and friendly, like Elmo and Grover. That was until Ernie starts talking about being afraid of monsters and the dark. For days now all our son keeps saying is that he is afraid of monsters and the dark. WHY would Sesame Street introduce the concept of being afraid of monsters and dark?????? This make me very angry and has now affected our son. We love Sesame Street, and have every elmo DVD available, but this one should be changed. It is just not healthy for kids with the introduction of fear! Only buy this video if you want your child afraid of monsters and the dark. Awful!!!
 B002436WF8-7 POSITIVO  Our 12 month old loves best of Elmo 1 & 2 and he loved this one too. He usually loses interest if there is A Mr noodle part but this movie doesnt have that. It's perfect
 B002436WF8-8 POSITIVO  MY GRANDSON GOES TO SLEEP TO THIS EACH NIGHT, HE'S 8 MONTHS. I WISH IT WAS LONGER MORE SINGING LESS TALKING BUT OVERALL ITS GREAT FOR ALL AGES. I WOULD BUY AND RECOMMEND THIS VIDEO
 B002436WF8-9 POSITIVO  After watching this video, and a few roll plays, my daughter stopped the rough battles to avoid going to bed at night. No more crying no way struggles, Elmo did it this way, Elmo said so and so... She followed right away.
 B002436WF8-10 POSITIVO  I had rented this movie from the library and my daughter loved it. So I ordered it used from here. Great quality plays well. So another great buy to add to our collection of must have movies.
 B002436WF8-11 POSITIVO  We loved this video, my son had the biggest smile on his face when he watches Elmo.
 B002436WF8-12 POSITIVO  This video is great for kids. My child already knows who Andrea Bocelli is, so it was an extra treat to not only get Elmo, but Andrea as well. It has an interactive storybook too that reads the book and follows along on the screen. All in all, a great buy.
 B002436WF8-13 POSITIVO  I purchased this for my grandson who is 13 months old. He loves it and will sit still and watch the whole thing. Highly recommend as it has great content and variety to keep kids interested.
 B002436WF8-14 POSITIVO  This DVD has been indispensible for us. Our daughter is now a year and a half old and has been going to bed to this DVD for about 6 months. As with anything related to children, what works for one may not work or may not be appropriate for another. However, this has been great for our family. Some folks have complained that some of the music is too upbeat and that their kids don't relax to it. For us the key has been to watch the entire DVD. Our daughter finds the upbeat songs that are earlier in the DVD engaging and helps get her settled in to watching the entire disc. Then when the pace slows down later on, it mellows her out. For us, the big advantage was being able to say, "See, Elmo's going to bed now. Now it's time for you to be like Elmo and go to bed too."
 B002436WF8-15 POSITIVO  My 20 month old daughter loves this video. It has become part of our bedtime routine, along with brushing teeth and reading books.
 B002436WF8-16 POSITIVO  This movie is cute, entertaining and made my little one very interested in potty training.We bought this for her when she was about 18 months to introduce her to the idea of the potty - no pushing, but to introduce the idea. We assumed it would take ages before she used the potty on her own -- nope. Within a month, she decided she'd potty just like Elmo and has basically potty trained herself, thanks to Elmo!
 B002436WF8-17 POSITIVO  My son loved this video. It covers everything from being afraid of the dark, to not being tired, to needing to say goodnight to everything in the room, it introduces Elmo's Daddy which is really sweet. Would highly recommend this video.
 B002436WF8-18 POSITIVO  This is the perfect video to snuggle up with at bedtime. Our son is only 15 months old but he just loves the songs and soothing tone of this dvd. My husband and I also find it to be a relaxing part of our evening! It's so good that I don't even want to go to sleep without it!It cleverly shows the muppets all over town getting ready for bed while singing the most delightful songs. Bert and Ernie are classic and have never lost an ounce of charm, Baby Bear and his cousin are funny and adorable, The yip yip yip alien from when I was kid makes an appearance with Telly, and the "Happy Thoughts" song that Elmo and Abby sing is sweet, catchy and will become a favorite to sing with your little one. "Time to Say Goodnight" with Andrea Bocelli is the icing on the cake. My baby claps at the end every time.What a great gift for a child. Don't hesitate buying this one.
 B002436WF8-19 POSITIVO  We have to watch it everynight with our 2 year old. We all find ourlseves singing the songs!
 B002436WF8-20 POSITIVO  We have Goodnight Moon, Goodnight Gorilla, and Bedtime with Elmo. They are all great videos to help children quiet down and get ready for bed. My two year old son loves this video and sits for the entire program. He knows that when Elmo goes to bed at the end of the video, it is time for him to say goodnight too. I highly recommend it.
 B002436WF8-21 POSITIVO  Like many other 2 year olds, my daughter is in love with Elmo. She especially loves this video. It's perfectly targeted to toddlers. We watch it almost every night as part of her bedtime routine with milk and a cookie. It has cute and catchy songs, really clever use of characters and language, and best of all - it has a calming effect on her, so she goes to bed without any drama. I can't decide which section of the dvd I like the best - the outer space world section is very amusing, the baby bear and cousin bear section is adorable - and helps kids understand there's nothing to fear about shadows in their room at night. Elmo's Dad figures prominently in this dvd - great for fostering good family bonds. The short cartoons about children in Haiti and India are especially nice, too, as they show bedtime routines for children in other parts of the world, and are told in a child's voice. We have watched this dvd for almost a year now and I still find it to be very clever and interesting how it effectively appeals to children's best qualities at an early developmental stage... Highly recommended!
 B002436WF8-22 POSITIVO  This is Elmos dad telling the story of Elmos Potty training. A little modeling, encouragement, and saying mistakes are ok. Didnt seem to effect my daughter's potty training much, but cant hurt.
 B00005T7MH-0 POSITIVO  Do you want to know why Bon Jovi is the greatest live band ever? Then please listen to this album and you will know why! As good a band that Bon Jovi are in the studio, their true magic comes out in their LIVE shows. Some of their greatest songs are on this album, and by listening to this album you can feel that Bon Jovi magic.This special Limited Edition 2 CD Set also includes a BONUS Disc with MORE BON JOVI SONGS RECORDED LIVE!These Bonus Live songs are &quot;One Wild Night&quot;, &quot;It's my Life&quot;, &quot;Livin on a Prayer'&quot; (One of the best live versions of &quot;Prayer&quot; that I have ever heard!), &quot;Just Older&quot;, and &quot;Sleep when I'm dead&quot;.These live songs were recorded live in Australia on March 24, 2001 as Bon Jovi peformed at a special benefit show!So, kick off your shoes, sit back, relax, and play these CD's, and you will feel like you are at a Bon Jovi concert. Listen to the passion this band has for playing music. And let their songs of Brotherhood, Love, and Hope, inspire you! God Bless You!
 B00000ECAH-0 POSITIVO  The musical and creative abilities of these ladies exceed today's boundaries. They have melded the 70's and the 80's into and entity that will be reckoned with right into the new millenium. The guitar work and synth programming on this record should be a reference point for ANY musician and a gem for any listener.
 B00000ECAH-1 POSITIVO  Wendy &amp; Lisa will always be known as the &quot;2 girls from Prince's band&quot;, but they are totally under-rated. I have owned all of their cds, in fact, I still have the first one on cassette and LP. I think Eroica was definately the best. My favorite song was STARING AT THE SUN. Their music goes deeper than just trying to fit in. They play the music they like, and nothing more.
 B00000ECAH-2 POSITIVO  Wendy &amp; Lisa's third album is their musical masterpiece, and unfortunately, it may be their last album. (They've gone on to write movie scores.) These songs are utterly original while encompassing many different styles, from folk to blues to funk to ballads; the Prince influence is present but minor. Most people never heard this stuff because it doesn't quite fit the neat categories; too r&amp;b to be alternative, too alternative to be r&amp;b. But it's great music.
 B00000ECAH-3 POSITIVO  If you're like me, as welcome as the whole female singer-songwriter craze in the mid-1990s was, somehow it still had a tinge of "haven't we heard this before" feeling to it. But while early pioneers like Carole King or Joni Mitchell may have been the first to thank, with regards to younger idols, chances are the new female rockers were among the few to have enjoyed the work of Wendy & Lisa.The former Prince back-up musicians proved to be more than just satellites of the Purple One with two albums that demonstrated these two ladies saw a resurgence in female musicians coming & got the jump on it early. While their first two albums were criminally undersold, the biggest injustice was left for 1990's EROICA. Clearly an unsung masterpiece of a rather fallow decade for pop music, EROICA probably did not even make it to gold status. Nevertheless, with regards to influence, it outsells any other album that was out on the market at the same time.As they proved on their previous albums, a few traces of their time with Prince could still be found, but Wendy & Lisa still put their distinctive stamp on it, and EROICA has its share of classy, sophisticated uptempo pop. "Turn Me Inside Out" on the one hand sounds so 1990, but on the other it is so solid that rather than simply be an historical artifact, it's an example of what early 1990s dance-pop should have sounded like. The hypnotic groove of the opening "Rainbow Lake" has an added psychedelic feel thanks to Lisa Coleman's Hammond organ & Wendy Melvoin's alluring lead vocal. "Strung Out", "Crack In The Pavement", "Porch Swing" (can you get anymore sultry?) & "Skeleton Key" equally call out to the dance floor, and also prove that because you can be funky doesn't mean you have to throw lyrical genius out with the bathwater.Like their fellow White soul-girl in crime Teena Marie, ballads have been the biggest surefire success for Wendy & Lisa, and EROICA features some of their most hearttugging works. "Don't Try To Tell Me" is enough to bring a tear to your eye with its gently swelling orchestral arrangement and Lisa's moving lead vocal. This could easily have fit in on Madonna's LIKE A PRAYER album of a year earlier. "Mother Of Pearl" is another slow & steady number with the welcome help of k.d. lang on guest vocals, showing the three of them should work together more often. "Why Wait For Heaven" is much louder & guitar-heavy, but still paced enough to qualify as a slower number (also dig that electric cello!). "Valley Vista" is on the opposite side of the spectrum, a laid-back acoustic tune that sounds lifted straight from a jam session on your back porch. The closing "Staring At The Sun" is a midtempo song that encourages the listener to keep their eyes open & see that the world is waiting to be conquered.I'm pretty sure that after their first three albums slipped away because of little record company attention, Wendy & Lisa began to grow dissatisfied with the music industry, with EROICA's non-success being the final straw of sorts. After that, the duo lowered their profile & worked more as supporting musicians, especially with Sheryl Crow who probably had Wendy & Lisa to thank for blazing the trail for female musicians not willing to let the male-dominated music industry get them down.The duo would return 8 years later under a new name & an album that again met silence in the marketplace (1998's GIRL BROS., partly a tribute to Wendy's late brother Jonathan). But while the pioneers may continue to get the short end of the stick as their disciples reap all the platinum awards, more discriminating fans can take comfort in knowing that Wendy & Lisa have the power to continue being ahead of the game in what they do. EROICA is perhaps the road map for the Lilith Fair set that came up in the 1990s, and one only needs to listen to this lost masterpiece to see that the trend wasn't spontaneous & that the people behind it were by all accounts more talented than those who followed them.
 B00000ECAH-4 POSITIVO  At the time of it's release in 1990 it was (and still is ) an awesome project ahead of its time. Eroica was the blueprint for the Alanis Morrisette clones of the mid to late '90s without the angry and clawing feminist,done-wrong-by-a-man theme. Many critics claimed Eroica to be better than their debut and surpass even Fruit At The Bottom. They even went so far as to say that their sound had changed drastically resembling nothing like the first two projects. However, listen carefully to tracks like Skeleton Key and Strung Out; It is obvious that Eroica was a sophisticated hybrid combining the finest elements from their first two predecessors. Skeleton Key could've been an outtake from Fruit At The Bottom. Strung Out, Staring At The Sun, and Mother of Pearl were reminiscent of their debut project containing the somber hit Waterfall.The only shame is the b-side track titled Stones and Birth ( or Birth and Stones) of the Strung Out single not being included as a bonus track on Eroica; it's an acoustic and percussion gem. The other sad note is that it would take almost a decade later for Wendy &amp; Lisa to resurface under the name GirlBros. GirlBros. was a more personal and introspective album dealing with the tragic loss of Wendy Melvoin's brother Jonathan from Smashing Pumpkins fame.Though Wendy &amp; Lisa are now under the GirlBros. project they still remain one of today's most invaluable and underappreciated songwriters and musicians of our time. Still, for real fans, public interest has not waned; We still look forward to any project or theme they undertake. It is because they are unpredictable and astoundingly gifted (from their proper classical trainings to their funky bad-selves) that they are true survivors of the music industry that can and does often at times eat artists alive...
 B00000ECAH-5 POSITIVO  In the mid-90's, when Lillith Fair premiered and the airwaves were inundated with reflective female singer/songwriters, the whole thing must have sounded a bit familiar to those who were lucky enough to be touched by Wendy and Lisa's &quot;Eroica&quot; in 1990, the most striking and impressive outing from the former members of Prince's Revolution. Wendy and Lisa might have gotten the commercial success they so deserve if only they could have waited half a decade to release this sumptuous stunner, but as it stands &quot;Eroica&quot; remains one of the most underrated albums in the history of rock.The album kicks off with the breezy pop/funk of &quot;Rainbow Lake,&quot; but from there on the ladies leave all traces of Minneapolis behind and when it comes to having them pegged, all bets are off. &quot;Strung Out&quot; and &quot;Turn Me Inside Out&quot; are infectious doses of adult rock with a retro edge, &quot;Why Wait for Heaven&quot; is a chilling mix of hard rock and psychedelia, and &quot;Staring at the Sun&quot; is a piece of pop as warm and inviting as the planet in its title. &quot;Don't Try to Tell Me&quot; is a sweet and elegant ballad, while &quot;Crack in the Pavement&quot; is so funky the damn thing trembles, and its quirky production perfectly suits the lyrics' tale of a hardened lover coming to terms with true romance.Particularly impressive is the fact that even when Wendy and Lisa allow their lyrics to be partially about Prince on &quot;Porch Swing&quot; (the line &quot;there's a guy I know/takes things real slow&quot; could be a little dig at his erratic production schedules, and the line &quot;he could speak of love and make the moon blush&quot; needs no explanation), the song's musical style couldn't be any further away from Minneapolis if they boarded a plane to record it, as the women dabble in the bluesy country pop that Sheryl Crow would experiment with later in the decade. But the record's crowning moments come on the elegant, folksy ballad &quot;Mother of Pearl&quot; (which features a vocal by kd lang) and the sophisticated jazz fusion workout &quot;Skeleton Key&quot;...give yourself bonus points if you have the first clue what either song is about lyrically, proving the old adage that the more beautiful something may appear, the more difficult it is.But then, Wendy and Lisa have never been an easy figure. In fact, the only thing obvious about &quot;Eroica&quot; is that there is serious, adult musicianship at hand, and the players the women surround themselves with have never been tighter (throughout the record, drum licks by Carla Azar are especially, consistently impressive). That, and the fact that Wendy and Lisa, fearless creators of eyebrow-raising production and haunting, unpredictable songwriting, have come a hell of a long way from Minneapolis. Prince who?
 B00000ECAH-6 POSITIVO  By the time of this albums release in 1990, music was becoming an addiction for me. I was already a huge fan of these two gifted women. In my opinion, this is their finest album to date. &quot;Rainbow Lake&quot; starts the proceedings off with a funky, mellow groove, slinky, soft percussion, and a muted bass line that coaxes the song along briskly, but without overwhelming Wendy Melvoin's laid back vocals. A nice introduction. The next number, &quot;Strung Out&quot; dives headlong into heavy drums, a persistently itchy guitar line and the goosebump inducing harmonies of Wendy, Lisa Coleman, and their crack backing band of family members and freinds. You'll be singing the chorus to this one for days. The Michael Penn assisted &quot;Mother Of Pearl&quot; follows, building from Melvoin's gently strummed acoustic intro to a crashing electrified chorus. More spine-tingling harmonies here too. One of the album's many sonic highlights is track number 4, the Lisa Coleman sung &quot;Don't Try To Tell Me&quot; a stunningly orchestrated, beautifully rendered piece of classical pop that owes a great debt to mid-60's, Revolver-Era Beatles. Not any group can pull off such an edgy experiment, but these ladies succeed beautifully and manage to sound heartfelt without sounding pretentious or mannered. This song is bested only by &quot;Why Wait For Heaven&quot; the wah-wah guitar drenched slow burner that opens side two. Sounding like a long lost outtake from &quot;Electric Ladyland&quot; , this outstanding piece is the album's highlight. The sounds and textures explored here, from Melvoin's searing vocals, to Carla Azar's crisp, scattershot drumming along with a wicked electric cello(!) solo, this song is a feast for the ears! Once you hear it, it just keeps coming back. The swirling, bass heavy funk of &quot;Turn Me Inside Out&quot; keeps the momentum going and sports the best coda on the album with the &quot;loving you, loving you&quot; chorus evaporating into a jazzy, brisk instumental passage that is abrubtly jarred by the slamming, polyrythmic drums of &quot;Skeleton Key&quot;(a song heavily sampled by Arrested Development a couple of years later). Wendy's popping, Larry Graham-ish bass playing is another highlight. The remainder of this solid album veers toward acoustic based, Cali-style rock (&quot;Porch Swing&quot;, &quot;Crack In The Pavement&quot;,the indelible should-have-been-a-hit,&quot;Valley Vista&quot; and the album closing &quot;Staring At The Sun&quot; that round out the album and add to it's feeling of effortless diversity. This music on this album is notable for many reasons, not the least of which is how it pre-dates the sound of many female acts of the present day who have a huge follwing among the &quot;Lilith Fair&quot; crowd. These gifted young women started it all and proper recognition for their innovations is long overdue. Now available as an import only, if you happen to stumble across &quot;EROICA&quot; in any format, grab it, and to it's creators, you are sorely missed. This album stands as a towering documet to the creativity once running rampant in your brains and pop music was better for your presence. Please return in a hurry, the music world needs you.
 B00000ECAH-7 POSITIVO  Wendy and Lisa are one of my all-time favorite artists, and I feel they have been overlooked far too often. They have stayed true to their own sound and style for two decades now, writing and performing all their own music without pretension. EROICA, released in 1990, is their finest hour, and one of my favorite albums of all time. The mix of styles, from rock and pop to funk and folk, sounds truly effortless and never seems forced. This is one of those albums where you can just get lost in the music, without having to think about it. Everything just comes together so well! From the psychedelic pop of &quot;Rainbow Lake&quot; and &quot;Strung Out&quot;, to powerful rockers like &quot;Why Wait For Heaven&quot;, to the laid-back funk of &quot;Crack In The Pavement&quot;, this album has it all. Every song has insightful, intimate lyrics, and Wendy and Lisa are at their most focused musically, too. Case in point: this album has been around for over a decade, and it does not sound dated at all! On past albums, Wendy and Lisa were still trying to find a niche after splitting with Prince. With this album, they really found their own groove! As I said before, the album feels so effortless and focused, it is surely the work of two great artists at the peak of their creativity. I truly feel that this is one of the LANDMARK albums of the 1990's, coming as it did before the whole Lilith Fair movement. Unfortunately, many people never got to hear EROICA, because less deserving acts were getting all the promotion. Luckily, you don't have to be one of THOSE unenlightented people... go and hear this spiritual, intelligent, soulful album while you can!
 B00000ECAH-8 POSITIVO  ...which is saying quite a bit, because their other albums are very very good.The only word that truly does this album justice is MASTERPIECE. Period. All musical genres aside, it stands on its own in any context.Every time I try to describe the sound of this work the one description I keep coming back to is "big". Big, big sound. Wheras Girl Bros is a more intimate experience, this is exactly the opposite. It is an explosion. The music envelops you, cascades over you, but does so without being overwhelming or giving you sesory overload. Every song on this album is unbelievably strong and has incredible depth. I can't find one single track that could use improvement. They are as close to perfect as you are going to get.The reveiewer who said that this is a great headphones album is absolutely correct. This is the perfect way to experience Eroica.This album is always on the top of my stack of CDs and has been in heavy rotation in my music library ever since I bought it. It never gets old.I can't tell you how frustrating it is when brilliant musicians like Wendy and Lisa just don't get the recognition that they deserve. If record sales truly reflected the greatness of an album, Eroica would have gone double platinum at the very LEAST.
 B00000ECAH-9 POSITIVO  Like the Beethoven symphony of the same name, EROICA is beautiful and moving. Wendy and Lisa are so talented it takes your breath away. I first heard EROICA in 1990 and I'm still convinced this was the best album of the 90s, with the exception of GIRL BROS., their 1998 release.Every track on this album is outstanding, but the ones that linger in my ear the most are: &quot;Rainbow Lake,&quot; &quot;Strung Out,&quot; &quot;Don't Try to Tell Me,&quot; &quot;Inside Out,&quot; &quot;Skeleton Key,&quot; &quot;Staring at the Sun&quot; and &quot;Crack in the Pavement.&quot;Once you hear this album, you'll never forget it! It's intelligent without pretentions, it's lush without over-production, it's simple and complex at the same time. Plus, EROICA (and GIRL BROS.) is the kind of album you can listen to anytime, but especially during the more challenging times in your life.I would love to get in touch with other Wendy and Lisa fans! Angie
 B00000ECAH-10 POSITIVO  These two very talented and beautiful ladies deserve so much more attention for their true musical gifts. They keep turning out some of the best music ever and hardly anyone gets the chance to hear it or know about it. This cd is just too cool to describe. You better buy it and see what Wendy and Lisa have created.
 B00000ECAH-11 POSITIVO  It's almost a travesty to refer to Wendy and Lisa as Prince's bandmates. The older I get, and the more Prince continues to put out nominal work, the more I realize and appreciate the musical talents of Wendy and Lisa. They are highly gifted musicians/arrangers, and though we may never know how much they wrote or didn't write (thanks to Prince's legal contracts) for the Revolution we can still get a taste of it here. Giving a nod to the Beethoven symphony of the same name, Eroica demonstrates all the things that made prince music so cool for me up until 1988. So do yourself a favor and buy this album today. I guarantee that you will be quite pleasantly surprised by what you hear. I'm constantly playing this album for people and they are shocked that it didn't make mainstream radio.
 B00000ECAH-12 POSITIVO  These ladies not only talk and do, they could never use their last IOU. I have, not sinse Tom Waits (of a completely different genre) felt so happy to have found an act, artist, or group. I love this album, this is not typical soulless, gutless, meaningless top 40's radio here. Eroica, by the only definition derivable from the album is &quot;Wendy and Lisa's attempt to pay the gods for the gift of music that they were given&quot;, a Lion's share. Their vocal and musical talents only pale by their storytelling abilities. I strive to find music that breaks the chains of comercial &quot;catagories&quot;, in my first listening to EROICA I knew I had found something different and better than most late 80's early 90's music. Wendy and Lisa did not in my opinion look for the one, two, three, easy make songs of todays pop crap; they broke away from the dirty stigma that pop holds. It is a shame that groups like this one never get the credit or acclaim they deseve from the masses. I think the reason Eroica didn't must have been that the album was not for them, it was for Wendy, Lisa, and sadly a few individuals gifted enough, brave enough to stare at the sun, remember where we came from, and love deeply enough to be turned inside out by love.
 B00000ECAH-13 POSITIVO  I can't believe that this didn't do well and get tons of airplay. Just goes to show how arbitrary the hit-making process can be. I think many consider Wendy & Lisa to be mere floozies who once decorated Prince's stage shows, but they should be given a chance!!! Personally I think their vocals were one of the best things Prince ever had going for him. These songs may lack some of Prince's instrumental virtuosity, but many are kick-ass dance songs and in my humble opinion are severely underrated.
 B00000ECAH-14 NEUTRO  I got this CD used, and as a long term fan of the Prince and the Revolution days, I thought it was worth the price.Someone compared this to Sheryl Crow. No doubt, and good call. It has that, er...swingy feeling to it? Perhaps that's not the best word, but its not a bad thing at all.It's kinda funky at times, and kinda jazzy at times and I would call it alternative because it would never get commercial airplay (which is often no indication of a CD's qualities.) I would personally have to be in the right mood to really appreciate its style, but that's not a knock on this CD by any means.
 B00000ECAH-15 POSITIVO  The first release of these two former members of Prince's band The Revolution ( before he was known as +o-&gt; ) was a musical disappointment. Their second release was a vast improvement as they began to find their collective voice. &quot;Eroica&quot; is a funky, rocking, musical gem. It was originally released in 1990 and holds up as if it were recorded today. There is no denying Wendy Melvoin (guitars and lead vocals) and Lisa Coleman (keyboards and backing vocals) have picked up some of that Minneapolis/Prince vibe. But it is also clear that they have their own sound--more melodic and edgy all at once. Within the first three tracks they brilliantly attack three different styles and sounds, and yet manage to sound like the same band. They play with and develop musical and lyrical textures in a way that sets them apart from the numerous video-clone bands. It's funk, it's rock, it's soul it's alternative. It's the jam. For those who enjoy music that defies the standard radio/MTV classifications, get this disk. This is a great &quot;headphone&quot; album--but not in that Pink Floyd kinda way. The simple yet rich production is as integral to the recording as the intrumentation and vocals. Slip it in your CD player and crank up the volume. It sounds good loud.
 B00000ECAH-16 POSITIVO  so the ladies pulled a 360!!!!!this wasn't a r&amp;b funk album!this was a rock influenced jam session!i can highlight this album by saying&quot;mother of pearl&quot;,&quot;skeleton key&quot;,&quot;strung out&quot;and the awesome lisa on&quot;dont try to tell me&quot;!!!!!i never buy an album that has less than three cuts on it!this is the type of album you by and not hear a track!it is a masterpiece!!!!!cpoe it while its around because it was and is a all-around vicious album!!!!!
 B00000ECAH-17 POSITIVO  I still Prefer Fruit At The Bottom Better Overall More but this is a Good Disc though.Wendy&amp;Lisa not only display Musical Talent on Various Instruments but also the depth of their Song-Writting Ability is very Good.Mother Of Pearl is a strong song,Staring at the sun,&amp;Rainbow lake.they have Influenced countless others but Because of the Prince Association haven't gotten their full Props.but they are very Talented Artists that were more than paisley Dolls.they are the Real Thing as Musicians.
 B00000ECAH-18 POSITIVO  This song is awesome! I bought it so I could download it to my ipod and its the bomb!!! I love it!
 B00000ECAH-19 POSITIVO  CD arrived and was in adquate form. That's really all I needed to put it into my pod and itunes thanx
 B00000ECAH-20 POSITIVO  Eroica is Wendy & Lisa at the top. I love love love this album so much my tape wore out. Every tune is a hit musically and lyrically. This album "Turn Me Inside Out" for these talented ladies. Wendy & Lisa's sound is what most of the so-called innovative female artists are trying to catch up to and don't even no it.
 B00000ECAH-21 POSITIVO  This is the third album from Wendy and Lisa... the most recent being White Flags of Winter Chimneys which is not sold through Amazon yet but can only be purchased through their `official' website. "Eroica" is cited by some Wendy and Lisa fans to be their best work (short of possibly "White Flags"). This is one of their first albums that feature songs using their unique `alternative' sound. The album includes their charted hit "Strung Out". The album transcends musical genres ranging from funky up-tempo tunes such as "Rainbow Lake" and "Skeleton Key" to mellow pop/rock songs such as "Mother of Pearl" (with featured vocals from K.D. Lang), "Crack in the Pavement", "Why Wait for Heaven", and "Starting at the Sun". There are also songs which are a little reminiscent of their `alternative' sound found on the "Girl Bros" album such as "Porch Swing" and "Valley Vista". Other than "Strung Out", one of the stand outs on the album is "Don't Try To Tell Me", a beautiful ballad backed with an extraordinary sting composition and is the only song on the album with lead vocals by Lisa Coleman.This album is truly a terrific album! It is one of Wendy and Lisa's best! The complex music composition and melodies provide a glimpse into the tremendous talent that these ladies possess!
 B000000EBW-0 NEGATIVO  VERY disappointed. Each song sounds like the last. ~ will give away.
 B000000EBW-1 NEGATIVO  I think that this CD by far is one of if not the best. One other thing, if there is anybody out there that is a big Doc Watson fan, years ago he had a guitar course out, does anybody know how I could get one or even if it still exist? Thank You for taking the time to read this.
 B000000EBW-2 POSITIVO  The title says it all, really - If you own only one Doc Watson recording, this should be it. Doc's flatpicking (on &quot;Black Mountain Rag, for instance), his fingerpicking (on&quot;Little Omie Wise&quot;, for instance) and his folk/gospel style vocals (on most of the tracks) demonstrate just why he's considered one of this era's finest musicians. Doc's range is remarkable, and on this CD you'll find him singing gospel a capella, playing guitar full steam ahead, harmonizing with his mother (really!), playing duets with his son Merle, and yodeling like, well, a guy who knows what he's doing. 26 tracks here, over an hour of music, a must-have for anyone who enjoys traditional music, bluegrass, folk, acoustic.
 B000000EBW-3 POSITIVO  I love this CD. It's a great collection of old-time, traditional Southern music. It's like taking a trip back in time - imagine yourself out on the back porch on a summer evening about sixty or seventy years ago. This is what you and your friends would be singing. Doc Watson performs with the right touch of humor, longing, or sadness that each song needs. Years ago, I bought a tape containing the first half of the songs on this CD and it served as an introduction to a whole genre of music. I would recommend this to anyone who is already a fan of Doc Watson or to the person who has heard good things about him and is curious to hear for him/herself.
 B000000EBW-4 POSITIVO  OK, Never heard of Doc Watson? Well, thanks to my Dad, I have. This is easily his best album. You should hear his version of Froggie Went a Courtin. It is the best. Other songs on this album include Shady Grove, Tom Dooley, Alberta, Groundhog, there's even a duet with his late son Merle who flipped a tractor over on himself. If you love bluegrass, you're sure to fall in love with this album.
 B000000EBW-5 POSITIVO  This is offered at a good price for what you get: a variety of mostly traditional songs, secular and Southern Gospel, from one of the best guitar players and authentic singers of the 20th century. These songs don't get dated...they were old when they were written down, and older when they were first recorded. This is the kind of music you play repeatedly if you like it at all. And I have liked Doc since the first time I ever heard him play and sing, likely about 40 years ago.
 B000000EBW-6 POSITIVO  This is a terrific album. Guitar players will enjoy Doc's unique flat picking style. Hauntingly sad songs of the people of the mountain strike a chord with adults and there are several songs that my children love-Muskrat and Frog Went A Courtin'. The album also features a lovely accapello rendition of &quot;Down in the Valley to Pray.&quot;
 B000000EBW-7 POSITIVO  Any acoustic guitar picker who wants to learn from the master should have this in their collection. Doc makes the difficult seem effortless. His son Merle is the perfect match for Doc in providing his backup and when he takes his own breaks it is clear that he has inherited Doc's guitar genius.
 B000000EBW-8 POSITIVO  Every home should have this CD. And the man is more remarkable than the music. It is essential.
 B000000EBW-9 POSITIVO  Doc Watson tells a story with each and every song! Folk songs are timeless! Some songs make me cry everytime I hear them. And some make me really happy! Thanks for the good service! Ruby Williamson
 B000000EBW-10 POSITIVO  Getting this album was a trip back in time. My foot hasn't stopped tapping yet.
 B000000EBW-11 NEGATIVO  As much as I love Doc Watson, I fail to understand nor to appreciate this album. How can a Doc Watson Essential album exist without "Tennessee Stud"? Go figure!
 B00004W9Y1-0 POSITIVO  That having been said, I'd like to add that I collect foreign language versions of songs made famous in English BY THE ORIGINAL ARTISTS so already this CD was quite the find for me. Unlike the previous reviewer, I remain completely unaware of how poor the translations on this collection are (I do know that Gene Pitney's &quot;Town Without Pity&quot; is transformed into something roughly called &quot;Stand By Me&quot;). What so cool about these recordings though is just when you you expect David Ruffin to start singing &quot;I've got sunshine/On a cloudy day&quot; something altogether different and unfamiliar comes out of his mouth. If you're a music collector like me, prepare yourself for this experience many times over. If this sounds intriguing, check this CD out. It's actually quite &quot;cute&quot; to hear, even if many of these artists might be butchering the German; on the other hand, Dusty Springfield's and Petula Clark's German pronunciation sound pretty good to me. I've docked this one star because there are a few too many songs I'm simply not familiar with.
 B00004W9Y1-1 POSITIVO  These are the original American and British Artists singing songs we all know in German.Very fun compilations. Temptations singing My Girl, Johnny Cash singing Six Feet High And Risin, and much more.I think it would be helpful in selling this product if Amazon/CDNow would at least list the artists and maybe theoriginal English titles next to the German titles. Obviously some of the titles translate differently but musiclovers will recognize the tunes and the artists.
 B000050XMV-0 POSITIVO  There is nothing here that cannot be found on other Petula compilations but this budget release is more interesting than most such releases.Most of the tracks pre-date Downtown, though the set includes my two favorite Petula covers (I want to hold your hand, Have I the right) and another excellent cover from the mid-sixties (The boy from Ipanema), ending with This is my song. Elsewhere, there are fine covers of The night has a thousand eyes, Fly me to the moon and You're getting to be a habit with me.The set begins with Petula's three big UK hits of the early sixties - Sailor, Romeo and My friend the sea. Also of interest is I will follow him, which Petula took to number one in Singapore but failed to chart in Britain or America. This song uses the tune of Chariot, a song that sold a million for Petula in France. It was covered by Little Peggy March, who topped the American charts and also had a British hit with it.This compilation is really intended for casual buyers who want a little of Petula's music cheaply but will also suit you if you are unfamiliar with Petula's music of the fifties and early sixties and want a sample of it.
 B00005QZ4B-0 NEGATIVO  First off, you should know this is a cd-r. Some people may not care but I was a bit upset I paid cd prices for something anyone could burn. Second, if you're buying this for the Dixie Chicks, you may want to think again. This cd only contains one song by the Chicks and it's an old style pre-Natalie tune- great if you're a fan of the older Chicks but not so much if you tuned in to the girls' music only after Natalie joined the band.Overall, the music was fun, really great for younger kids but not much appeal beyond that.
 B000000GBE-0 POSITIVO  The mix of Foday Musa Suso's kora, Bill Laswell's bass, and Jeff Bova's keyboards here offers an unbeatable combination and, along with Hector Zazou's two albums, Noir et Blanc and Guilty, stands as one of the great earlier worldbeat albums based on African music.Suso also plays djembe (talking drum) and sings, and wrote all compositions on the album. While it is short, clocking at under 36 minutes, there isn't one wasted note. Suso and Laswell co-produced this gem, and it was engineered by Laswell's familiar co-conspirators, Robert Musso and Martin Bisi, who know exactly how to set the right sound levels of the various individual components for maximum enjoyment.A real treat for all you worldbeat fanatics out there!
 B001L1CNIY-0 NEUTRO  I think this DVD is good. My 2-year old enjoys these mysteries, and I like the Richard Scarry illustrations. However, the sibling rivalry between the two pigs gets old, and is in each of the six episodes (briefly). The other characters just seem to ignore it or laugh it off, but I hope my daughter doesn't immitate the pigs' selfish attitudes.
 B001L1CNIY-1 POSITIVO  We are thankful that these videos have been released. Our three year old daughter loves them!
 B001L1CNIY-2 POSITIVO  It's Huckle Cat and all of the other friends from Busy Town! I LOVED reading these Richard Scarry books when I was a kid, and I'm so excited that they're coming out with the DVDs now. This is another great way to share some of my favorite childhood characters with my kiddos!
 B001L1CNIY-3 POSITIVO  We got this as a gift from my mother-in-law since my husband loved these books as a kid, and all the mysteries (6, each about 10 minutes) are equally loved by my 3 and 2 year old boys. They're short (perfect "commercial breaks" for a long rainy day), fun, and Huckle and his friends solve mysteries in a way that can easily be grasped by toddlers. We will be ordering the next few as they become available!
 B001L1CNIY-4 POSITIVO  The Troubles with BubblesLittle Orphan EggThe Cheese Car Chomp MysteryThe Mystery of the Unbreakable BreadHuckle! Where's My Apple Car?The Dirty Laundry MysteryI hope this is helpful!!
 B001L1CNIY-5 POSITIVO  My grandchildren have always enjoyed the Richard Scarry books. This DVD provides more of the same kind of pleasure!
 B001L1CNIY-6 POSITIVO  My daughter loves this series, so it only makes sense she'd love this :) Great purchase for anybody with kids ages 3-9ish
 B001L1CNIY-7 POSITIVO  my kids just love watching busy town mysterys! The epsodes that are on this dvd are. The troubles with Bubbles, Little ophan egg, the cheese car chomp mystery, the mystery of the unbreakable bread, Huckle! Whears my apple car? And the dirty laundry mystery.
 B001L1CNIY-8 POSITIVO  my son loves busy town. highly reconmend this children's show, as it is one of the VERY few a can actually tolerate to watch and not cringe.
 B001L1CNIY-9 POSITIVO  When my kindergartner was younger, we used to read Richard Scarry's stories and we both loved the fun characters and the morals in the stories. Recently, we discovered the cartoons based on the stories and they are indeed fun.These stories focus on mysteries surrounding the vehicles in Busytown. Lowly Worm can't seem to locate his apple car and the Mouse family are baffled when their cheese car appears to be nibbled on. It is left to Huckle Cat and friends to solve these mysteries. This is a cute collection of stories for younger children.
 B001L1CNIY-10 POSITIVO  The Busy World of Richard Scarry: It's a Busy, Busy Day Your young child's favorite author & artist has his characters come to life and the actions of the familiar stories delight as the characters move through a world similar to your child's. A very good DVD to have at home.
 B001L1CNIY-11 POSITIVO  A flash back from my own childhood, now my boys ages 2 and 4 can enjoy. Its adorable and I have yet to see these videos sold in stores, they may be but not easy to find. This is our first and we will be getting more.
 B001L1CNIY-12 POSITIVO  This is a great DVD- our 4yr. old son loves it. We love Richard Scarry, anyway...and the DVD came in great time!
 B000001WXQ-0 NEUTRO  Well, even though no one else will probably read this review or post another one, I'm going to tell you about it. Its the Clay People's debut album and its noisy. Its a strange mix of Industrial Rock/Grunge. The vocalist, Daniel Neet, has a very wierd deep vocal range, very original. This cd is good, with some cool melodies and some just ok. Its obvious that this is their debut just by the quality of the recording(I'm surprised they got a record deal for this album). Its sometimes hard to make out the melodies on some of the songs, but it rings through on others. Overall it has a dark feel, with some irregularities that you find in industrial music like rapid tempo and melody changes. Surprisingly its better quality than their second mini album, The Iron Icon. The Iron Icon was very sludgy and it was hard to make out any melodies(although Palegod is awesome). This would make a good cd to listen to while playing a game or reading a book. Very experimental and spooky sounding....makes you wonder what they were on. The bottom line: I liked it but I gave it 3 stars because of the semi-bad quality and its just not as good as stone-ten stitches or the awesome self-titled. A cool band worth checking out. Nuff said.
 B000001WXQ-1 POSITIVO  After the electrified goth rock of the Toy Box EP, Clay People go in a heavier, more industrialized direction and make for a killer album that is as gritty and dark as it is melodic and expansive. Great early coldwave!
 B000001WXQ-2 POSITIVO  Wow, am I really only the second to review this awesome debut from the Clay People? This is just as good as the self titled album, but a lot different sounding. Firetribe sounds darker, and more industrial. A solid debut, and it's a shame that more people don't know about them. This album is hard to find though, and I had to get it special ordered from my local music store back then. But thanks to the internet these days you can order it now! My favorite tracks on here are, "Crudsong," "Nothing," "Void," and "Teeth to Grind." Hell, the whole thing is good!
 B00004U92M-0 POSITIVO  ... or at least that is how I felt when I first heard the song. I am a pilot and feel as if I was born to fly. More the lighthearted soul than the technical flyer, this song touches my heart in so many ways. It truly says everything I feel now... &quot;How do you get to heaven, and who has that much time? How do you keep your feet on the ground? When you know you were born to fly!&quot; Even if I am lucky enough to find that special someone, this song will still be my anthem as everyday is precious, and time is not to be wasted saying we have plenty of it.
 B0009FU0WO-0 POSITIVO  I have to admit, my interest in all things techno has waned a bit in the last few years. I rarely go to clubs anymore, and I pretty much never buy records...it just seemed like it was all the same ideas, the same sounds, the same basslines, repeated ad infinitum. So I was more than pleasantly surprised when I heard We Are Monster.The ten tracks on this release are more like actual songs, each one individual and unique, yet adding up to a coherent and consistent whole. And even though Isolee gained a reputation for producing what is termed "microhouse"- tracks that move along at midtempo, change subtlely and are all small gestures- that is only a starting point here. He throws in elements of dub, grime, electro, techno, even an acoustic guitar, yet it never feels like a stretch, it all comes together effortlessly. No easy task, yet one Isolee pulls off incredibly well.Constantly surprising and always enjoyable, We Are Monster reminds me why I got into this music in the first place, and why, all these years later, I keep coming back.
 B0009FU0WO-1 POSITIVO  As with the previous reviewer, this album came as a pleasant surprise for me. Like most people who have heard of Isolee, my only previous exposure to him was "Beau Mot Plage," that catchy wordless-vocal track that showed up on pretty much every deep house compilation in the early '00s. And rightly so, as it's a really good track.We Are Monster is not deep house. It's not trip-hop, downtempo, or acid jazz. I would call it a cross between acid, drum 'n' bass, and IDM, with an indie spin. And in case you think (as I do) that "IDM" and "indie" are code words for "crap," know that this album is a very great exception.Comparisons to Aphex Twin are probably inevitable; but I have very nearly all of Aphex's CD output, and off the top of my head I can't think of anything of his that I enjoy as much as I do this.There are elements of house, blues, rock, jungle, hip-hop, electro, and disco, but no track ever quite fulfills any of those genres; the only consistent elements are how dark, stripped-down, and incredibly catchy it all is. You can sit and focus on this music, you can use it as a background while you're reading, you can use it to get yourself pumped up at the gym. It's nothing if not versatile.Highly recommended, particularly for Aphex, Amon Tobin, and Luke Vibert fans.
 B00000J7ML-0 POSITIVO  This cd, released in 1999 on Domino Records (UK) has three songs:1. Carrot Rope2. Harness your Hopes3. Roll with the Wind
 B00008G5S1-0 NEGATIVO  This CD contains absolutely no works by the original artists. Legacy Entertainment Inc. has plainly lied right on the CD cover. The songs do not sound too bad, but it's like passing off your brother as the Rolling Stones, the Beatles or Pink Floyd... it just doesn't cut it. THIS CD IS NOT WORTH TWO CENTS and I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM LEGACY ENTERTAINMENT AGAIN. I sent the CD, jewel case and inserts back to Legacy in tiny crushed up pieces with a rather incensed note.
 B000002UK0-0 POSITIVO  As a former member of this Bahamian band and composer of the title track &quot;Everything is Cool&quot; I can state that the compilation &quot; Everything is Still Cool &quot; on Capitol Records represents the band's transition from disco to R&amp;B.The band attained its greatest measure of success during the late 70's while signed to 'TK' records.'TK' records was the label responsible for the Miami sound at that time with the likes of K.C and The Sunshine Band, Bobby Caldwell and many others. The song entitled &quot;Do What You Want to do &quot; (on TK records) by the T Connection went number one on Billboard magazine's disco chart for several weeks and was nominated for a grammy in 1977 but lost out to Thelma Houston's &quot;Don't Leave Me This Way&quot;.The Album &quot;Everything is Still Cool&quot; contains an interesting blend of music that incorporates certain elements of Earth Wind and Fire's style along a unique blend of rock and Island music from the Bahamas, Namely goombay and Junkanoo music.
 B000002UK0-1 POSITIVO  By mostly including tracks from the classic &quot;Everything is Cool&quot; album, this should be a very good compilation of the band's mature sound.&quot;The Best of My Love&quot; , as others mentioned is a very nice track, it has a distinctive T. Connection sound. Although I think that &quot;Paradise&quot; stands out as the band's masterpiece.Another album by T. Connection that should also be rereleased is &quot;Totally Connected&quot;.
 B000002UK0-2 POSITIVO  This is a great old school CD. It has two of the best old school love songs ever written, &quot;Best of My Love&quot; and &quot;A Little More Love&quot;. There are also a couple of nice surprises in between, including &quot;Paradise&quot;. The rich and pure vocals quickly take you back down memory lane. This is a must have for all the &quot;old schoolers&quot; out there.
 B000002UK0-3 POSITIVO  This CD is a great compilation it includes some of the best slow cuts by one of the most underated soul/funk bands of the 70's and 80's. T. Coakely, band leader and songwriter, was a great lyriscist who knew how to get you dancing and, as this CD proves, new how get you feeling cool. Great tracks for a summer evening cruise with the top down or a stroll on the beach with someone special. If you are not familiar with them think Earth Wind and Fire with cooler lyrics. Check out &quot;Heaven in your Eyes&quot; and &quot;Best of my Love&quot; Play them once and I think you may get some heavy rotation out of them especially if you have some wooing to do. Check the rest of the CD too cause &quot;Everything is cool&quot;.
 B000002UK0-4 POSITIVO  This album receives 5 stars just for the &quot;Best of My Love&quot;. This is an out of sight song I love it I listen to it a million times and that wouldn't be enough times. But if you like Classic Soul and ClassR&amp;B then I would recommend that you buy this album. You would definitely enjoy &quot;Best of my Love&quot;.
 B0001AP0QS-0 POSITIVO  ... I had to know. I was in the store, lookin' at cds, doing my thing, as usual... when I stumble upon a cover of this.. Monsieur Dodo. I wasn't able to listen to it in the store, but I just had to know what the hell it was, I mean.. look at it! You need to know! So, I took a chance and bought this strange lookin' thing. The contents surprised me. I was actually thinking the songs would be along the lines of a bunch of beeps and boops, maybe some French lyrics.. who knows? but, the songs are all extremely chill, perfect stoner music.. some jazz in there and it's all good. I give it two thumbs up and a pat on the back. If you don't think it's worth a listen just by the look of the cover, well then.. I think you need to look into music some more. You sure can judge a lot by a cover.
 B0001AP0QS-1 POSITIVO  This is an album that persistantly invites another listen. If Dizzy Gillespie, Herbie Hancock, and Kruder and Dorfmeister all got together for cocktails and a joint, this would be their brainchild. Nevertheless, the entire album is quite distinct and original. The production is remarkably smooth and the jazzy riffs flow like smoke rings into an atmosphere of espionage and mystery.
 B0001AP0QS-2 POSITIVO  Multi textured, rhythmic, melodic, electronic, acoustic, electroacoustic, wonderful.Some of the more innovative music I've heard in awhile. Great for a party, great for a drive, great for sitting around with your headphones on.A couple of the tracks stumble a little bit. Lyrics like: "Was I there, was it me, quaking on the tree of life" definitely have a cheesy odor. Luckily most of the disc spins by without any lyrics.
 B0000028RU-0 POSITIVO  Born William Marvin Walker in Ralls, Texas on January 14, 1929, this Country singer/songwriter and guitarist had a phenomenal career as a hit-maker with no less than 65 Country charters from 1954 to 1988, with 26 of them making the Top 20 and, if you consider Top 40, some 38. Using just those, a distributer could put out a decent 2-CD set.The problem is, these are all among his first 49 hits registered from 1954 to 1976 for four main labels: Columbia - 14 from 1954 to 1965; Monument - 14 from 1966 to 1970; MGM - 14 from 1970 to 1974 (a bit of a pattern there); and RCA Victor - 7 from 1975 to 1977. From there to his final charter, none of which went any higher than # 48, he recorded for 7 more different labels: Casino, MRC, Scorpion, Caprice, Paid, Dimension, and Tall Texan (his own label using his nickname).The 1993 box-set from Bear Family of Germany titled Cross the Brazos at Waco MAY contain most, but judging from the one review for that set it appears some key sides may be missing. Unfortunately, the contents are not shown and I'm not about to fork over $200 until I know for certain. Other 10- to 20-track offerings - at least those that purport to be compilations of his hits - are things like the 2006 Billy Walker 20 Greatest Hits from some outfit called Gus, a 2003 Sony volume titled Billy Walker's Best, and a 1993 set from some outfit called the Blaricum CD Company titled Sing Me A Love Song and also showing "18 Country hits." None of these live up to the billing.At the moment, the two best by far are the 1993 15-track Sony release " Billy Walker - Greatest Hits On Monument" and the 2010 20-track Columbia Legacy volume Billy Walker: Columbia Hits, as combined they present all 28 hits singles for those labels and in near-perfect sound reproduction, although comprehensive liner notes are left wanting, which is par for the course for Sony and Legacy.The contents of each are repeated in the Comments below where I show chart performance (where applicable), label details and those uncharted flipsides that are not included (and impossible to find on CD - unless they're in that Bear Family set!). Note that neither album lists the contents in any chronological order.Tragically, Billy and members of his family and entourage (wife Bettie, bass player Charles Lilly, Jr., and guitarist Daniel Paton) died in a violent car crash on May 21, 2006. Only the Walker's grandson, Joshua Brooks, survived.It's just ridiculous that The Tall Texan, who appeared on the 1949 Dallas radio show Big D Jamboree as The Masked Singer and who joined the Grand Ole Opry in 1960, has yet to be honoured by induction into the Country Music Hall Of Fame.
 B0000028RU-1 POSITIVO  Billy Walker has had a long career which has had several stages to it. The initial stage (late 50s-early 60s) saw him on Columbia where he had his greatest success with "Cross The Brazos At Waco" and "Charlie's Shoes". The 1970s saw him on RCA where he clicked with "Word Games" and on MGM where "I'm Gonna Keep On Keep On Loving You" and "When A Man Loves A Woman" (NOT the Percy Sledge song) were Top Five records. Between these two periods of great success Walker was on Monument (which was not at that time a sister company to Columbia and Epic). None of these songs were big hits for Walker ("A Million And One" was probably the biggest and best remembered)and taken as a whole, they are the least country sounding and most "pop" sounding of Walker's recordings. Despite that,they are well worth a listen, as Walker selected songs with good lyrics and sang them well. "Sundown Mary" and "Age of Worry" are well crafted songs, that received heavy airplay in the Mid-Atlantic region, although they were not huge on the national charts. This wouldn't be the first Billy Walker album I'd buy, but with so little of his output available on CD (except for the massive Bear compilation), this is a worthy addition to the collection
 B0000028RU-2 POSITIVO  Taken from his time on Monument Records, this collection features songs from the later part of his hit-making days. The songs are essential. The only problem: no notes or recording dates. Highly recomended despite this.
 B0000028RU-3 POSITIVO  Billy Walker did a USO show when I was station on Yokota AB, Japan. He hung around after the show playing the guitar signing autographs. This was back in the 70's, he is a great guy and a good performer.
 B00006K01T-0 POSITIVO  BOCA 97-98 really is an amazing compilation. If you like a cappella then this is the CD for you. My personal favorites include &quot;Secure Yourself&quot;, &quot;Love is a Battlefield&quot;, and &quot;Wanting Memories&quot;, but even if your taste in music is completely different than mine you'll still find something on here you like. Buy it today!
 B000BV22TU-0 POSITIVO  Hi guys. I bought this 12" vinyl when it first came out--about a hundred years ago. The original mix and the alternate mix are wonderful--two completely different musical approaches but both work very well. I just don't understand the price these people are asking. Hell, I'd sell mine (and it's in prime condition) for what I originally paid for it, which I believe was $5.99.I've been a fan of DOA for a long time. This was originally released when Pete Burns still actually looked human. Any true DOA fan will acknowledge that this music is better than most of his latest warblings. But $75.00; C'mon.
 B00000IM6T-0 POSITIVO  This is the US version of WIRED just as Black Hair Black Eyes Black Suit is the US release of GUILTY with a few different tracks. What you miss from WIRED is a great tune "Make It With You" What you get instead is the 12" version of My Kind Of Lovin and a cover of Jimi Hendrix's STONE FREE. I am a huge fan so I own both. My preference is WIRED as it is the original but both are great.
 B00000IM6T-1 POSITIVO  This is the US version of WIRED just as Black Hair Black Eyes Black Suit is the US release of GUILTY with a few different tracks. What you miss from WIRED is a great tune "Make It With You" What you get instead is the 12" version of My Kind Of Lovin and a cover of Jimi Hendrix's STONE FREE. I am a huge fan so I own both. My preference is WIRED as it is the original but both are great.
 B00000IM6T-2 POSITIVO  Top form from Hughie - but instead of this one, but Wired - not cos its better but because it is EXACTLY the same tracks and will cost you a couple of bucks less, so you can get the other Hugh CD as well.
 B00000DQGQ-0 POSITIVO  Unlike the Everly Brothers or the Gibbs of Saturday Night Fever, the Villalona men don't appear together or have an act. The more well known older brother-Fernando, is reknown already. Here Fernando produces and sings coro, for brother Angel. Wow! Angel can sing!!!!His voice is just as beautiful but a bit lighter and more supple. The Merengue is topnotch and this is one terrific recording!
 B0000049PL-0 POSITIVO  What a wonderful disc of unknown chamber works. Castelnuovo-Tedesco's musical language is unashamedly lyrical, especially for music from the 1920's and 30's. Not the most profound music, but his tunes are always memorable and inventive. One can see why these works were so popular at their premiere. This disc is a joy to listen to, fully comitted performances and fine recording quality. Thank you to the Arman Ensemble and their world premiere recordings for bringing these works the attention they deserve.
 B000003LVO-0 POSITIVO  &quot;Life Is The Quest For Joy&quot; is an excellent CD. There are no words that can describe the joy this CD has brought to my life. This CD was rewarding and truthful. All of the songs had meaning and a different lesson. I look forward to buying more music by J. Donald Walters.
 B00005QTLV-0 POSITIVO  I just loved this CD of Mario Lanza's Sixteen Most Requested Songs. I could listen to him for hours. The music and words were very sharp and easy to hear. It was a good quality recording. I am very happy with my purchase.
 B00005QTLV-1 POSITIVO  Once again Amazon has come thru.The package aRRIVED ON TIME AND IN GREAT SHAPE.Usually before I order a cd I chech the songs that are on it and also the price of the cd.I check the next cd and see if it has too many of the same songs as the first cd.I then put in my order from Amazon and I have complete confidence that it will arrive in great shape and on time.I will comtinue to use Amazon for many things.Thanks Amazon and have a great day JJ Johnston
 B00005QTLV-2 POSITIVO  Nostalgia. I enjoyed Mario Lanza's singing when he was in his prime. Never did get over his early death. Had to replace the old LPs with CDs. Music is great. His voice is (was) wonderful. I play it over and over and it lifts me up.
 B00005QTLV-3 POSITIVO  This is a nice compilation of a variety of favorite Mario Lanza renditions. The technical quality of the recording is good and I would recommend it to all Lanza fans.
 B00005QTLV-4 POSITIVO  I received the item sooner than I expected.I am very pleased with my selection,especially the quality of it.This encourages me to make future purchases.
 B0009RRRDM-0 POSITIVO  The sleeve art says it all. Embroidered name on a rich blue satin field. KJ at this point knew they acheived a new level of 'art.' I bought this record in 1984 and have listened to it ever since. It is a staple so to speak. KJ's 3rd record is brilliant; a more dark, tribal, and sophisticated release than the previous 2 records (which I love as well). I understand why people can't get into this one as this takes time and patience to sink in....Most people want instant musical gratification so if you are THAT person skip Revelations. W/ that said the material on Revelations is heavy, angry, medieval, and describes an insane (cold war) world on the verge of apocalypse. The Hum's droning phased/reverb riff sets the mood of the record. Empire Song drives the record and band into new heights. Conrad Plank's production is perfect for KJ. He brought out what would become a trademark sound for many records to come. We Have Joy is a manic potshot at the West....Chop Chop, one of the singles released from Revelations is strangely catchy...The Pandys are Coming is a brilliant but creepy and unsettling song. I picture this song as their 'trumpets' of impending doom, the armies of evil are coming and cannot be stopped. Great imagery...heavy stuff. Have a Nice Day is another driving song w/ Paul's groovy tribal drums.....Too bad Sun Goes Down, Brilliant and Birds of a Feather weren't added....I played those singles to death growing up......The record ends the Dregs, intense, urgent music over which Jaz intentionally rants, raves, coughs, and stumbles through meaningless lyrics....lost on many listeners.....Dregs closes the record as an unhappy ending to a movie....Leaving the listener stunned...absolutley effective....not a bluff....Overall this record/remaster is a gem, some slow moments but by the time they arrive one is so taken by the lyrics/content/message that it all fits...The remastered sound is amazing. As a hardcore fan for 21 years this is one of my faves by KJ. Definitely a record explore w/ headphones, the lyric book and a glass of wine.....essential.
 B0009RRRDM-1 POSITIVO  Having a younger sister that worked for Tower records at the time, I was already familiar with KG when this one was released. "The Hum": what can I say? The dark and grinding guitar sound is fantastic, and with "Empire Song" and "We Have Joy" following...they covered the price of admission right there. I'm not too keen on "The Pandies Are Coming", but this album could create hours of discussion on guitar tones alone.As luck would have it, I caught the tour for this album...and rarely has any band been so mesmerizing in a live setting. I can recall Geordie never looking down at his guitar, and telling a bloke that wanted to "slam dance" with me "Sorry, I don't want to miss any of what this guitar playing is doing".I just ordered the DVD...I'm hopeful, even without "The Hum" included.
 B0009RRRDM-2 NEUTRO  Killing Joke's third album, 1982's "Revelations" is a pretty drastic departure-- working for the first time with an outside producer, Conny Plank, the is a cleaner sound-- more separation between the instruments rather than the somewhat muddy sound of the previous records-- this is further accentuated by a more metallic sound in the guitar.The album maintains the sort of edgy apocalyptic vision of previous records, but Coleman's lyrics have moved into a somewhat ranting direction-- sometimes it succeeds ("We Have Joy"), but more often than not, it fails to sustain interest ("The Pandys Are Coming", "Chapter III" or the awful "Dregs"). And with the production uniform and consistent, and the album consisting largely of similar tempo and feel among the numbers, plus Coleman experimenting with his new singing style (he'd get it down right in a couple albums), the material really doesn't hold together well.Its got its moments-- the album opens decent enough with "Empire Song" being one of the real highlights, and "Chop-Chop" barring annoying vocal is really amongst the most varied of early Killing Joke material, but beyond that, the album generally fails to sustain my interest.The remastered release features much improved sound-- it's quite a bit more in your face while maintaining a claustrophobic feel. The reissue is also augmented by one bonus track, an alternate mix of "We Have Joy"-- I haven't done a side-by-side comparison, but I'm fairly certain this is the same mix included on "For Beginners", it's not particularly exciting either way and it doesn't sound nearly as nice as the rest of the record. The artwork has been expanded by Mike Coles (who did most of the original Killing Joke artwork but not this one) and includes the lyrics. It really is quite attractive looking on the inside of the booklet, and it definitely is an improvement over the previous issue's art.It could be I'd think higher of this album outside of the context of the first two records, but it just doesn't hold up to them-- I'd recommend checking them out instead-- 1980's "Killing Joke" or 1981's "what's THIS for...!".
 B0009RRRDM-3 POSITIVO  This is Killing Joke's third lp and the final one with Youth on bass for many years. The cd opens with The Hum which recalls The Requiem from their first lp. For me this is the weakest track on the cd. After that song the sonic attack picks ups the pace with Empire Song, a brilliant song which was one of the singles from this lp. The original issue of this recording closed with Dregs--a song I like but derided by some. I personally saw this song as an attack on the apathy of the youth of the day. Many saw it as a bunch of pointless lyrics strung together over a simplistic tune. You can draw your own conclusions. The remaster closes with an alternate take on We Have Joy. It would have been nice if the re-issue contained more bonus material, but sadly that is the only extra track. Most of themes of much this record revolve around the Cold War.Tribal drumming and guitar noise are the sound of the cd. This release also showed the band maturing musically. It definately paved the way for the follow up lp--Fire Dances (my personal favorite). It was after this release that Jaz would disappear to Iceland in anticipation of the apocolypse. Youth and the band's management would find themselves fired after Jaz returned to the UK with Geordie.
 B0009RRRDM-4 NEUTRO  A decent album, but uninspired compared to the earlier albums and less consistent than the following release (Fire Dances). This is the least essential of the early Killing Joke albums. Although any fan will find something to like here, there's also a lot of ho-hum songwriting that I end up skipping over when I do drag this one out.
 B00002810W-0 POSITIVO  For collectors of oldies hit singles transformed into mp.3 format it is indeed frustrating to see an artist represented in several otherwise excellent CDs, but not one among them offering all their hits in one volume - especially when they only had a relatively small number. Such is the case with Jazz giant Donald Matthew Redman, born in Piedmont, West Virginia on July 29, 1900.Accomplished on just about every instrument imaginable by the time he was a teenager, he came by his love of music honestly, as his mother did some singing and his dad was a local music teacher. He furthered his education through studies at Storer's College in Harper's Ferry, West Virginia and then the Boston Conservatory of Music. After his professional debut in New York with Billy Page's Broadway Syncopators in the early 1920s, he joined the Fletcher Henderson orchestra where, for the most part early on, he played clarinet or saxophone.However, it wasn't too long before Henderson handed over the arranger task to Redman and it is now generally accepted by historians that he was the one who turned them into becoming the first true "swing band" of that era with his complex arrangement. This involved having the melody constantly shift around various complete sections (clarinet, brass, saxophone) and even soloists, thereby introducing what would become later known as "the battle of the bands" into similar competitions within a single orchestra. This technique can be heard in such Henderson hits as Sugar Foot Stomp, Carolina Stomp and Dinah, where Louis Armstrong can be heard on cornet. .He then joined Bill McKinney's Cotton Pickers in the same capacity in 1927, directing the band while playing mainly alto sax, and even doing some singing in his easy laid-back and often humorous style that was as unique for its time as were his sophisticated arrangements. Finally, in 1931, he formed his own band and got a recording deal with Brunswick, with whom he remained through to 1934. That year he moved over to the ARC consortium of labels where, to 1938, he cut discs for their Perfect, Vocalion, Mellotone and Variety outlets (just two in January 1934 and none until May 1936), before joining Bluebird in 1938 where he would record through to 1940. .These are the selections featured in these three separate volumes from the France-based Classics Jazz with quite good sound reproduction and informative notes by European Jazz historian Anatol Schenker. The first volume contains his first three hits for Brunswick, and in this second release you get both sides of his 4th and 5th hits for that label: Sophisticated Lady - # 19 June 1933 on Brunswick 6560 b/w That Blue Eyed Baby From Memphis; and Lazy Bones with vocal by Harlan Lattimore - # 4 (his best ever) August 1933 on Brunswick 6622 b/w Watching The Knife And Fork Spoon. His last two hits and their B-sides for Variety and Bluebird are found in the third volume.Other musician/vocalists employed by Redman: trombonists Claude Jones, Gene Simon, Fred Robinson and Benny Morton; trumpeters Langston Curl, Reunald Jones, Henry "Red" Allen, Shirley Clay and Sidney DeParis; pianist Don Kirkpatrick; drummer/vibraphonist Manzie Johnson; guitarist/banjo player Talcott Reeves; clarinetists Jerry Blake (also alto & baritone sax); Edward Inge, Rupert Cole (also alto sax); saxophonists Harvey Boone (alto & baritone), Robert Carroll (tenor) and Bob Ysaguirre (baritone); vocalists Harlan Lattimore and Chick Bullock).Along the way Redman also did arranging by request from such as Bing Crosby, Isham Jones and Paul Whiteman, and after he folded his own band in 1940 he did the same for Count Basie, Jimmy Dorsey and Harry James, and in the earliest days of TV he appeared on CBS's Uptown Jubilee (1949). In the early 1950s he was hired as musical director by the legendary Pearl Bailey, and backed her on her 1952 hit Takes Two To Tango on Coral, which featured trumpet player Taft Jordan. As late as the early 1960s he was called upon to play piano at a Georgia Minstrels concert as well as soprano sax for the bands of Eubie Blake and Noble Sissle, all clear illustration of the esteem in which he was held.Small wonder he was inducted posthumously into the West Virginia Music Hall Of Fame on May 6, 2009, some 45 years after his death in New York at age 64 on November 30, 1964.
 B00002810W-1 POSITIVO  This CD contains a rainbow of Redman's great work and features some wonderful vocals by Harlan Lattimore, Chick Bullock and Redman, himself.The touching &quot;Mommy, I Don't Want To Go To Bed&quot; starts things off and includes Redman's classic singing style--half sung and half spoken.The medley of &quot;Shuffle Your Feet/Bandanna Babies&quot; features Lattimore, as does many other including &quot;It's All Your Fault,&quot; &quot;Lazy Bones,&quot; &quot;You Told Me But Half The Story&quot; and &quot;Lonely Cabin.&quot;These masterpieces show why Harlan Lattimore was considered by his peers one of the finest singers of his day.Chich Bullock had a fine voice, as well, and his style and class are represented perfectly on &quot;Tired Of It All.&quot;To top things off, Redman sings--or, more accurately half sings and half talks--his way through &quot;A Little Bit Later On.&quot; It's wonderful and, if you listen closely to the words, you might hesitate a bit before threatening your lover after a spat!And, of course, Redman's version of &quot;Sophisticated Lady&quot; simply encases that fifth star on this CD...JB
 B000IZJZBC-0 POSITIVO  Awesome cd - positively magical! You are transported to a Loch in the morning!
 B00005V1B2-0 POSITIVO  If there were 6 star I will certainly grant it...I've been a Camel fan since I was 15 yr. old (I'm 41 now) and if you're a progressive music fan and haven't listened to Camel....oh boy !! you've been living in a cave...Camel is one of the most underrated progressive bands of the 70's; their music may not be flashy but certainly played flawlessly with the perfect blend of instruments, nothing is too much everything fits perfectly...I've got to go but as I mentioned if you never listened before to Camel, be prepared to one of the most amazing prog. music ever composed...and my friend I'm also feel somewhat jealous of you because first time I listened it felt as breath of fresh air...there are some tunes that will certainly bring tears to your eyes.
 B00005V1B2-1 POSITIVO  Lets face it, a lot of Prog Rock doesn't stand the test of time and can sound self-indulgent and pointless. Not the case here - this is a fine instrumental album with some memorable melodies and great orchestration from the wonderful David Bedford (who worked with Kevin Ayers and Mike Oldfield, among many others).In keeping with the source material, the album has a simple, sometimes childlike feel to it. No rock-out, for sure, but a long way from the vapid fare of contemporaries. If you own the original, the new material here may not be worth the price of the import with additional tracks. Otherwise, buy it.
 B00005V1B2-2 POSITIVO  Why don't they make albums like this any more? It is a fantastic achievement. I have listened to this so many times and I still hear things I never heard before. The is a complexity that is very listenable - a great combination. Highly recommended for someone that likes to really listen to an album.
 B00005V1B2-3 POSITIVO  First and foremost anyone who likes progressive rock should own this album. Camel are a progressive rock band like no other and this is there magnum opus. The Snow Goose is an amazing album by an exetremely underated band. All instrumental the album is based on the short story The Snow Goose by Paul Gallico. The band run the full spectrum of emotions and styles. I just got the album yesterday and I havent stopped listening to it yet. Through out the record the melodic lines are superb and the musicianship tight and full of energy. Do yourself a favor get THE SNOW GOOSE.
 B00005V1B2-4 POSITIVO  As a newbie to the whole prog rock thing, I found Camel's music to be very delightful! It's mostly instrumental, and all the songs tie together, so the best way to listen to this is when you have time to listen to the whole album. Personally, I think this makes a great CD to listen to on the road!The songs are all very good, there is not a single filler IMO.
 B00005V1B2-5 POSITIVO  The good news is that they've finally dispensed with lyrics, unless you count certain breezy "do-do-do's" as some sort of psycho-cybernetic motivational advice. There really isn't any strictly bad news, unless you consider that Camel were still actively derivative a bad thing, and taking into account their influences you can pretend it's homage rather than imitation (but couldn't they have invented their own story?). 'Rhayader Goes To Town' manages to sound like an outtake from both LIVING IN THE PAST and WATERLOO LILY, and there's definitely a creeping David Gilmour-like ambience to Latimer's guitar solos. None of which prevents THE SNOW GOOSE from being a thouroughly pleasurable, if lightweight, listening experience. Thank goodness they didn't go the David Bedford route and include narration. The best tracks also happen to be the shortest, particularly Bardens' solo piano piece, 'Fritha Alone' which reprises the main theme of THE SNOW GOOSE and defines the overarching pathos of the book and the album in less than two minutes. Pretty stuff.
 B00005V1B2-6 POSITIVO  We used to call this "head music". Stuff to listen to while reading good books, drink coffee with friends, have a beer, or just sit in a chair and enjoy! It just seems to never get old.
 B00005V1B2-7 POSITIVO  This album comes from the era of Progressive Rock "Concept" albums. Some of those worked (Dark Side Of The Moon of course!) and some didn't.This is one that worked great - Fantastically crafted music based upon a storybook, and the music is great!Deserves to be in the "Rock Classic" category.
 B00005V1B2-8 POSITIVO  Luis Mejia (son) - Based on Paul Gallico's novel, The Snow Goose seems to be Camel's piece which moved into an important place in progressive rock, and a hughe vantage point for the band. The album is fully instrumental, in this aspect, the vocal problem Latimer had always presented is covered into a mainstream of sounds and atmospheres, in which the tltle itself says "music inspired by the snow goose", the music covers each important passage of the novel through their own music, the plot and characters, as for me, I've never read the novel, but readers could be surprised, I'm not saying they'll be pleased, because even Paul Gallico was about to take legal action because the name of the band had always been confused with a branch of cigarettes called camel, and he didn't want that kind of publicity!All in all, the music has had some of the most famous riffs even in rock music, the flute in "Rhayader", the arrangements in "Rhayeder Goes To Town", the guitar potential and charisma of "The Snow Goose", and the reprising "La Princess Perdue" are some of the most recognizeable examples. The special thing of the album is that Camel finally got their musical sense into interpreting novel pieces, and that finally gave sense to their direction, and as many fans may say it is overprized, what it is so special is that it is one of their most accessible pieces of their original era, but yet there is the problem of the music itself, the style is outreaching, but the music is simplistic prog, no gem, no archaic effort, but I think that was the purpose itself Camel always expected from their music, plus, the album reached silver status in sells, and had become somewhat of a legend in prog history.
 B00005V1B2-9 POSITIVO  This is the ultimate blend of rock and folk. However, this album is the only Camel album without any lyrics.
 B00005V1B2-10 POSITIVO  This 1975 album is Camel's masterpiece, an instrumental concept album based on Paul Gallico's novella about two misfits who become friends during World War II while caring for an injured snow goose. The band had hoped to have a spoken narrative over the music, but Gallico declined and the band was forced to add "Music Inspired by..." to the album title to avoid a copyright infringement suit.The music here was written by guitarist/flautist Andrew Latimer and keyboardist Pete Bardens. A few songs have wordless vocals, but there are no lyrics. Only about half of the album has a rock beat, but the album is excellent throughout. "Rhayader", with a flute melody and synthesizer solo, "Rhayader Goes to Town", with a strong guitar solo and spooky keyboard interludes, "The Snow Goose" and "Flight of the Snow Goose" are all among Camel's best work ever. An orchestra is used to good effect on a handful of tracks. For example, "Friendship" is played by a windwood quartet, with a repeated bassoon triplet representing the goose's waddle. The only weak moments are on "Preparation" and "Epitaph" (the intro and outro to "Dunkirk"), which repeat a 5/4 figure for a combined six minutes. Other than that, the only thing I don't like on the album is the drum part on the title track (it accents a bass counterpoint instead of supporting the terrific main melody).Several themes appear more than once during the CD. "Fritha" is a happy, major key piece with an octave-sliding synthesizer melody; after Rhayader's death at Dunkirk, it is reprised in a minor key on grand piano as "Fritha Alone". "The Snow Goose" and "Flight of the Snow Goose" are repeated with the orchestra as the grand finale "La Princesse Perdue". "The Great Marsh" is a simple piece that slowly fades in to begin the album and fades out at the close. In its use of instrumental music to tell a story, and its reprise of musical themes, "The Snow Goose" captures the feel of good classical music better than almost any rock album ever made.(1=poor 2=mediocre 3=pretty good 4=very good 5=phenomenal)
 B00005V1B2-11 POSITIVO  It's a great album, a music which reminds me fantasy, creativenessand the great skill of bands like king crimson, van der graafgenerator, soft machine, genesis, yes, elp, jethro tull, each one with their own sound and huge music knowledge...
 B00005V1B2-12 POSITIVO  If you happen to be curious about the band Camel and have been lead to this page of reviews through your web search, please purchase this particular Camel album without any hesitation. It is flat out amazing. It is the musical equivalent of a fine glass of cognac.The Snow Goose is a solid structured, cohesive and musically unified "product sum" of it's parts. This is a concept / project that just "worked" ... and it worked beautifully. The musicians here are not trying to passive aggressively out duel each other with their sophisticated chops. The song writing is superb. There are interesting melodies and unique rhythms here that are just plain beautiful.I enjoy a fair share of "Progressive" music, but I don't typically associate it with emphasising emotion over technical displays of innovation and skill. The Snow Goose swirls with emotion. This is an album your girlfriend / sig. other will dig. It is an album to drive the highway to on a sunny afternoon. Your mind will get lost in it and the major melodies will stick in your head for days. Trust me, the Snow Goose is THAT good.If you already own this album, invest in a bottle of wine and play it again. Music like this is a rarity. Celebrate it!
 B00005V1B2-13 POSITIVO  This band made some great music for the progressive rock listeners. The guitar is similar to Pink Floyd's David Gilmour, but slightly different. The keyborads of Peter Bardens compliments the writing. All the albums are very good, but this one is in the era of the best ones.
 B00005V1B2-14 POSITIVO  The Who had Tommy, Jethro Tull had Thick As A Brick, Pink Floyd had Dark Side of the Moon, and Camel had this, The Snow Goose. Just a gorgeous piece of music, excellent playing, production, sound engineering and musical composition. Peter Bardens, Andrew Latimer, Andy Ward and Doug Ferguson put together a masterpiece. I have never tired of this album/CD; it is always inspirational and deeply moving. These guys were just great, and this is their best work ever.
 B00005V1B2-15 POSITIVO  This recording is a masterwork by a band underrecognized in its era. This work is essentially instrumental with limited vocals (without words). The moods created by this lush textural and atmospheric recording are extraordinary. This work draws on significant classical and jazz influences in a rock context and withstands the 32 year test of time since its release unblemished. It stands as one of the great monuments of the progressive rock era without many of the excesses and overindulgences of the era.
 B00005V1B2-16 POSITIVO  This is one of those albums that kind of sneaks up on you. After the first listen you'll like it. After the second or third listen you'll start to think it's great. Somewhere about the tenth time you've listened to it in a week you'll realize you love it. A more or less instrumental album it comes from the mellower end of the progressive rock spectrum, but it's never so mellow as to be pop or just down right insipid. It's a wonderfully melodic and orchestral album for a quartet with a great blend of guitars, analog keys, piano, flute, bass and drums. This was my introduction to Camel and from the others I've heard I can definitely say this is my favorite. It probably still gets at least one spin a week.
 B00005V1B2-17 POSITIVO  A great buy for any lover of this band
 B00005V1B2-18 POSITIVO  I totally agree with the reviewer below- anyone who has played the Legend of Zelda, or any RPG video game for their Nintendo, Sony or Microsoft consoles will probably love this album. I grew up a BIG Zelda fan and absolutely think this album is great. About four years ago I recommended this album to a huge Zelda fan and she said "the music was pretty".In fact, everything Camel did in the 70's is incredible. They are a band that really means something to me on a personal level. I don't know what it is- something about the way the band members make sure every musical instrument they play is perfectly in tone, and the way everything comes across so beautifully every time really shows me just how talented they are. Whether it's the flutes, keyboards, organs, guitars, mellotrons, bass or drums, everything sounds as perfect as can possibly be. What a band.The Snow Goose is just one of many great Camel albums. They really are a band that's impossible to hate. I seriously mean that. You CANNOT hate them. It doesn't matter if you hate progressive rock, or hate rock and roll as a whole- you will like this album. Try to pick up the version with the bonus tracks.My only complaint is that they opted not to put on a live version of "Dunkirk" that is TOTALLY awesome. It makes me think about giant castle doors closing shut (you know, those bridge things that are connected to castles that pull up and slam shut- think Bugs Bunny!)Anyway, pick up this album right away. It's worth it. You will agree with me and all the other reviewers. We're praising the album because it really is THAT good. I guarantee it.
 B00005V1B2-19 POSITIVO  "The Snow Goose" (1975) is the band's third album and it was recorded by the original line-up of Andrew Latimer (vocals/flute), Pete Bardens (keyboards), Doug Ferguson (bass), and Andy Ward (drums/percussion) at Island Studios using the production skills of David Hitchcock. The music was written to go along with Paul Gallico's novel of the same name. Throughout the sixteen songs, there are no lyrics but the melodies are extremely catchy with top-notch musicianship.The intro piece "The Great Marsh" has some word-less singing in it over its haunting two chord pattern. For me, the highlights are the second composition "Rhayader" with a gorgeous flute melody from Latimer, the tranquil one-minute "Sanctuary", and the melodic guitar soloing on "The Snow Goose". Also of note is another short song (about 1:40) "Friendship" where keyboardist Bardens plays a pipe organ. The songs "Migration" and Preparation" feature more word-less chanting while "Fritha Alone" is a haunting piano composition with some gentle lead guitar notes on top. The remaining songs are fantastic too and make for a solid five-star album!Fans of progressive rock should definitely check out this masterpiece from Camel as soon as possible!Thanks for taking the time to read!Later...
 B00005V1B2-20 POSITIVO  &quot;Mirage&quot; was a risk for me. I'm cautious about the music I buy, and I had never heard of Camel before purchasing &quot;Mirage&quot;. This band deserves to be better known, I was spellbound by Mirage's entrancing melodies.Now I have &quot;The Snow Goose&quot;, equally deserving of Mirage's greatness. Camel is a band that can create just as much feeling as a band centered around a vocalist, displaying this ability superbly in &quot;The Snow Goose&quot;. I get absorbed into Camel's compositions with every listen, I can't wait to hear &quot;MoonMadness&quot;, Mirage's supposed close counter-part.
 B00005V1B2-21 POSITIVO  Welcome to Camel's third album, Snow Goose, a nice concept album based on---the same novel about how a woman who finds a wounded bird and takes it to Rhayader. The bird and he become friends, and the woman falls in love with the old hunchback. The climax of the book and the album is Rhayader's courageous (and tragic) act of courage at Dunkirk, as he rescues countless lives while the snow goose shows him the way amidst gunfire. Although I've never read the book, now that I have grasped the plot, Camel's album is all the more poignant. The Snow Goose is a true progressive album, as it embraces so many moods and musical styles, and still manages to retain a central theme. As a whole, the music is much wispier than Mirage or their debut. The one-two punch of Rhayader/Rhayader Goes To Town is the undisputed highlight. This is a song for every taste, be it balls-out guitar soloing or light bouncy flute-driven sequences. Another great song is Migration, a nice jazzy piece that has one of the only vocal parts (actually, it's more like laid back scatting) on the album. Flight of the Snow Goose, has some interesting guitar-play from Latimer, but it is never forefront; this is more a drum-keyboard song. Preparation/Dunkirk are also noteworthy just for the sheer moods they evoke. Bardens's keyboard and is very effective in creating an ominous tension in Preparation before the all-out bash of Dunkirk. La Princesse Perdue is an extended reworking of the theme of The Flight, with some majestic horns added Latimer's solo is a nice sort of farewell to the listener. The bonus tracks mostly show early stages of the Snow Goose, especially the Rhayader songs. The highlight is the live version of the Snow Goose song, and it's segue into Freefall. The liner notes describe how Camel had originally, before they settled on Snow Goose, wanted to do a concept album on Hesse's Siddhartha; they had actually recorded a song called Riverman for the album, but it never saw the light of day. That would have been a worthy addition for this CD. This, of course, is minor niggling over a masterpiece.
 B00005V1B2-22 POSITIVO  Camel are one of the most overlooked progressive bands in the world, probably because their music is mostly instrumental - this cd is a fair example, and their songs are not catchy. What a shame that most people ignore this great band. I've always preferred them to others from the progressive field like Yes (Jon Anderson's voice always grated on my nerves, sorry).The Snow Goose is simply one of Camel's major achievements. The title had to be slightly changed to 'Music inspired by....' to prevent legal actions by Paul Gallico, who wrongly assumed Camel were involved with the tobacco company. The stuff here is based on this book though.The songs (Most of them pretty short) follow the narrative, and none of them is a throwaway. The bonus tracks featured are nice too, even if it's hard sometimes to tell the differences with the former release. The songs taken from the Marquee are outstanding like in the other Camel reeditions.
 B00005V1B2-23 POSITIVO  This 1975 release is a fantastic album of synth heavy and soft instrumental music that saw Camel moving on from the harder rocking Mirage (1974) to create a more contemplative album. In fact, I personally feel that Camel reached an artistic and creative peak with The Snow Goose suite.The musicians on this album comprise the "classic" Camel lineup and include Andrew Latimer (electric, acoustic, and slide guitars, flute, and (wordless) vocals); Pete Bardens (Hammond organ, electric piano, acoustic piano, pipe organ, mini-moog, ARP Odyssey, and (wordless) vocals); Doug Ferguson (electric bass); and Andy Ward (drums, vibes, and percussion). All of the musicians are very good but I feel compelled to single Andy Latimer out as an excellent guitar player - he has a very colorful style and utilizes a number of different tones and timbres on a range of instruments. With respect to the vocal department, The Snow Goose suite is largely instrumental although there are a few short passages that feature vocal harmonies (no lyrics). According to the liner notes, the decision to produce an instrumental album caused the record company some concern.In addition to the core musicians an orchestra is used on The Snow Goose, which was directed by David Bedford. If I am not mistaken, I think this is the same David Bedford that released albums such as Star's End (1974) and worked with rock musicians including Mike Oldfield and Kevin Ayers etc.Overall, the sound on this album is very soft and at times haunting and deeply reflective. In general, the Snow Goose suite alternates slightly heavier sections with delicate passages that feature acoustic instruments, clean-sounding guitar, and warm-toned synthesizers. I guess it's worth noting that the heavier sections are really not heavy at all, but just feature the full band. Stylistically, this album is classic progressive rock although there are subtle undertones of jazz-rock too. The brief orchestral passages are also very nice and add yet another textural property to the recording.This remastered CD is pretty good and features restored artwork, a ton of band photos, and extensive liner notes. There are five bonus tracks including a series of singles and live versions of Rhayader Goes to Town and The Snow Goose/Freefall (from the Mirage album). Both of the live tracks were taken from an October 30, 1974 concert and feature decent sound quality. The performances are also quite good too.The Snow Goose is highly recommended along with the excellent Rain Dances (1977), which features Richard Sinclair on bass and lead vocals.
 B00005V1B2-24 POSITIVO  I'm not a music reviewer, and I don't pretend to be. This CD was my introduction to Camel. I gave the samples on this page a listen because Amazon recommended Camel based on all my King Crimson purchases (and oh, how I love KC). Amazon got it right this time.As a disaffected teenager I would have said a "rock" album (and I use the term loosely with this album) without words was boring, but I learned better when I discovered progressive rock. Yes, there are no words on this album, but it is PERFECT without words. Not many bands can pull this off. This is the kind of music that when you hear it, a smile comes to your lips. I am so genuinely happy listening to some of the songs on this album (try "Rhayader" and "Rhayader Goes to Town" first). Even the "darker songs" without the flute melody make me smile, they are just that amazing. No amount of rearrangement could make them any better.When I listen to this album, my mind goes back to being a 10-year-old playing the Legend of Zelda, Secret of Mana, Final Fantasy, or Quest for Glory all summer long. You can imagine running through fields with your sword and shield, ready to fight off the monsters, on a quest to save the princess ("La Princesse Perdue"). If there was a soundtrack for an adventure, this would be it. Yes, there is a story behind the album, but you don't need to know it to genuinely enjoy these songs.A note to the wise: Listen to the album all the way though. I honestly can't put my finger on which song I like best because they fit together so nicely - I feel like I'm ruining it trying to take it apart. A story is not as good when you only read one page (unless it was badly written to begin with).What I wanted to get across in this review was, if you are a fan of talented musicians, progressive rock, folk, and adventure games, you WILL enjoy this album. Even friends who never even heard of prog-rock liked it, although they were less happy about the lack of lyrics. But who cares? Please, give this album a shot. It is *amazing* and you won't regret it.
 B00005V1B2-25 POSITIVO  The Snow Goose is one of the greatest achievements of 70s progressive rock. The members of Camel are very tasteful on their instruments; they aren't flashy but a few well-placed notes can go a long way. Andrew Latimer and the late Peter Bardens make use of great guitar and keyboard sounds respectively.Much of Camel's music has a feeling of warmth and sincerity. Throughout this album the band creates some almost soul-crushingly beautiful music. There are no lyrics, but the suite works perfectly without them. The music ranges from mysterious and haunting to reflective to whimsical to somber to joyful with a nice ebb and flow. There is less of the edgier rocking material on here than was present on their earlier albums, except for the second half of "Dunkirk." At times I wonder if this album had an influence on classic RPG video game music, especially the peaceful "Fritha." The grand finale (well, almost the finale) of the album, "La Princesse Perdue," is one of the most beautiful pieces of music I've ever heard.The Snow Goose is a unique and accessible album that offers a relaxing change of pace for when you get tired of the crazy instrumental passages and "excesses" of most other classic prog rock.
 B00005V1B2-26 POSITIVO  I am a huge fan of the progressive rock of the 1970s. In fact, if someone took away all the CDs in my collection, save for my progressive selections from 1970 to 1980, I could probably survive (although I admit there's plenty of great rock that I'd be bummed to lose). I've been a passionate fan of Yes, Genesis, King Crimson, ELP, Pink Floyd and all of the other great prog rock bands of this period since around 1978.The thing is, though, is that in the early years of my progressive rock fan-dom, I was so focused on the aforementioned bands that I kind of missed out on a lot of other great stuff -- or I should say there was a lot of great music that never actually made it into my collection. So, for about the past decade, I've been making an effort to fill in a lot of the "missing pieces" in my progressive collection -- the stuff I always knew I should have, but for whatever reason never acquired.Three bands which I have been re-discovering as of late are Camel, Gentle Giant and Gong. Each made its own significant contribution to the prog scene of the 1970s -- and if you haven't yet explored the work of these three groups, I suggest you do so. I had, of course, listened to most of the works by these bands before, just never bought their stuff (maybe taped it, or borrowed, it). Of these three, I am currently really enjoying Camel's work. So far I have the first three Camel releases, Camel, Mirage and Snow Goose -- all great albums (and I am also familiar with Moon Madness, which is equally superb), but Snow Goose is, in my view, Camel's crowning achievement. It is a rolling, flowing, majestic suite of tightly integrated instrumental passages which create a amazingly cohesive and satisfying whole. Superbly well-composed themes abound and are repeated throughout ... in fact, the album is so thematic that in a way it is like movie soundtrack, or even a rock opera, only without any lyrics (there are some occasional vocal harmonies, or "chanting," if you will, but it's blended in so unobtrusively that you almost don't realize it's there, it's just another part of the instrumentation). As another reviewer here pointed out, it is a somewhat quiet and reflective album -- in a way it's not very dynamic -- but the quality of the compositions is such that, much like the really good prog of this period, it grows on you tremendously as you move through repeated listening.I remember the first few times I heard Camel, back in the early 80s, I wasn't too terribly impressed. They just didn't seem to have the technical prowess -- you know, the blazing guitar and keyboard work, the rapidly changing time and key signatures, etc. -- that was the hallmark of bands like Yes, Genesis and King Crimson. So, even though I liked the music, I guess I just never really broke through the surface. The thing to realize about Camel is that, while they might not be as technical as the other prog bands of their time, they did put an impressive amount of care and craftsmanship into their music -- and today I realize that it has a complexity all it's own. I have to say that Andy Latimer (the lone survivor of the band) is an absolutely amazing composer and a fabulous guitarist -- listening to his David Gilmour-esque solo on "Rhayader Goes to Town" gives me goose bumps every time I hear it, it's just one of those solos that has an ever-lasting impression, like Gilmour's solo on "Time" on "Dark Side." You see, that's the thing about Camel -- there's just this certain level of perfection to the composing and the playing -- you could successfully argue that it more than compensates for the lack of "flashiness." Latimer's playing on this album (and on all the Camel releases) is really, really impressive -- he proves once again that it's not how many notes you play, but the choice of notes, and how evocatively you play them. His playing is packed with so much emotion and passion, his solos are delivered with just such utter care and attention to detail, and with such precision, at times it leaves me practically breathless. Each note is placed right where it should be -- there's never too little, never too much, he strikes that perfect balance -- and it takes a while to soak in and appreciate the high level of technical skill he really does possess. Latimer also plays flute amazingly well and there is rich orchestration on this album which supports the whole thing very well and which also proves Latimer's capabilities as an arranger/composer. Peter Barden's (GRHS) organ and synthesizer work on this album is equally impressive, and bassist Doug Ferguson and drummer Andy Ward have some moments where they really shine as well.I can't say enough good things about this band, an in particular, about this album. All I can say is, if you're a fan of 70s progressive, and you haven't yet checked out the Snow Goose, or any of Camel's music for that matter, you really should. I'm sure that if you do you'll find their releases sitting right there next to your other, classic prog rock favorites.
 B00005V1B2-27 POSITIVO  This album is so good, I didn't even notice there were no vocals until after I had already finished listening to it for the first time. The guitar lines are perfectly woven in between the drums, keyboards, and bass. Although no lyrics are present, the instruments tell the story, and do a terrific job. Although Camel had a couple of ther five star albums, I can say with confidence that this is their best. Don't hesitate to buy this masterpiece of progressive rock.P.S. It must be listened to as a single work, much like The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway, The Wall, or Days of Future Passed. This is not to say that the tracks are weak on their own, but they work together to provide an overall product that is worth more than the sum of its parts.
 B00005V1B2-28 POSITIVO  Camel's delightful interpretation of Paul Galico's novel is a superb example of 1970's prog-rock at its most inventive.Interspersing quiet, delicate, pseudo-classical passages with beautiful soaring guitar-work, the Snow Goose has a very different feel to the more visceral energy of Camel's previous album - Mirage. The charm of the Snow Goose lies in the very powerful and memorable themes merged and reprised throughout the work (most notably in the core of tracks 3 to 6) and in Andy Latimer's virtuoso performance. If you enjoyed Gilmour's guitar outro to Floyd's Comfortably Numb, you will *love* this!Some of the bonus tracks (single edits and live versions) seem a tad surperfluous here, in particular, the final track - Freefall (taken from Mirage) reminds us why Camel were at their best when they skipped the vocals!Still, this is a superb album that no prog-rock aficionado should be without.I bought the Snow Goose at lunchtime. Listened to it on my long drive home after work, with a big smile on my face, and then woke up last night with the main theme of "Rhayader Goes to Town" stuck in my head.Go on, treat yourself too!
 B00005V1B2-29 POSITIVO  put out in 1975, this is an outstanding, all instrumental album of prog-rock. shades of emerson, lake & palmer, shades of pink floyd, a touch of jethro tull. camel has, however, very much there own sound. classical flourishes and music with an epic anthem feel to it emerge out of quieter space-filled passages to create perfect juxtapositions. three pieces, in particular, that blend together perfectly are: "santuary," a beautiful short guitar instumental seques into "fritha," another delicate acoustic instumental, which then seques into "the snow goose," a gorgeous electric guitar showcase, lyrical and aching. another highlight is "rhayader alone," a dreamy instumental which is stunning. a fantastic album all around, highly recommended.
 B00008F7VV-0 POSITIVO  La primera vez que escuch&eacute; a Marisela fue con este disco. Me enamor&eacute; de su dulce voz e inmediatamente me fui a una tienda a comprar el disco. Sin &eacute;l fue lanzado en Chile en 1988, aunque fue originalmente lanzado en 1984 en Mexico y USA.Desde entonces admiro mucho a esta mujer, hasta en sus m&aacute;s recientes producciones.Definitivamente es la mejor int&eacute;rprete de los temas de Sol&iacute;s, deber&iacute;an volver a trabajar juntos.
 B00008F7VV-1 POSITIVO  Is the only record in Spanish that held 10 numero 1 in radio. Great voice ,great songs, it is a 5 stars record.
 B00008F7VV-2 POSITIVO  When I saw this CD for Marisela "Sin El" I was so excited because the songs take me back. I really really enjoy this CD. Thanks so much for having the CD available.
 B00008F7VV-3 POSITIVO  I have been looking everywhere for these songs and was hopeful that I would find them someday and I did. I love this artist her music brings me back to a place in time in my youth. I am so glad they took her music and made a CD out of it. LOVE IT!!
 B00008F7VV-4 POSITIVO  This is the finest example of bubblegum that appeals to many , many people. Produced by Mexican singer/songwriter Marco Antonio Solis , of &quot;Los Bukis &quot; fame , this album's content sounds very much like a mixture of teen pop , and Mexican bar music. As odd as that may sound , it is only one way to describe this album's diversity. Every song stays clear on the course and never loses itself as to where the song is headed to. This album introduced us to Marisela , the 15 year old LA native with a sweet , yet sexy soprano that stole the hearts of millions of people. Her vocals sound surprisingly convincing , and although her spanish may have been short , her femininity is still present on every track.It's impossible to single out any outstanding tracks , since every single one of them is nearly excellent! If you haave ever hummed a Madonna song , you will love this CD.It is definitely worth buying! you must own it now!
 B000A1GIZ0-0 POSITIVO  This is a great disc, start to finish, wish artist would hurry up with a follow-up album.I could call this easy listening, ethereal instrumental music, almost new-age sounding but not too new-age. From what I understand the artist is a Christian. You will enjoy this CD regardless of your religious beliefs-or none at all-because its all instrumental, no spoken or sung lyrics. Its a beautiful album. (For those who are religious or Christian, you may like the fact there are no out-there new-age inspired vibes going on. I say that NOT as a swipe at new age music because I own some myself, but only because some religious people shy away from new age music so they won't have to be afraid of this CD.)I have used this CD at parties, and also for long car drives. Its a great stress reliever also. Its a fantastic disc, I like almost every song & don't find myself having to skip around the disc, its a good listen all the way through.This guy is a great little-known talent & very worthy composer. This is more than just instrumental music, its pretty deep. Check out the tracks, if you're into this style of music you won't be disappointed with this album.
 B00008VGN4-0 POSITIVO  I saw this amazing show in december - so glad the cd is finally out! the score is haunting, it progresses the story line. it is emotional and real. if you like new shows like VIOLET and PARADE, it is a must have. if you dont, you need to ask yourself why you dont. If we dont accept and embrace new musicals, we will no longer have this type of theatre to love....
 B00008VGN4-1 POSITIVO  Being a fan of Ahrens and Flaherty (I have all of their CDs besides the Once On This Island London CD), it came as no surprise that this play was also very strong. The music is very easy to listen to casually. I particularly enjoy &quot;Princess&quot; and &quot;The Streets of Dublin,&quot; but all of the songs are very strong. I reccomend this score to anyone who likes musical theatre or who is familiar with Ahrens and Flaherty. You won't be disappointed. The Irish flair also adds a bit of a magic touch to the already charming music. Take my word for it. You won't regret purchasing this CD.
 B00008VGN4-2 POSITIVO  From me,that is high praise indeed. A soaring score. So simple and yet so elegant. A show that I missed at Lincoln Center. But I'll not make that mistake again.The cast is very talented and sings beautifully. Roger Rees is so good in the lead that I've now forgiven him for &quot;The Red Shoes&quot;, my all-time worst musical.I do not give 5 star reviews often. I truly recommend this cd.
 B00008VGN4-3 POSITIVO  I have been a major fan of this collaborative team for years and when the cd came out I was scouring the stores trying to find it as they opened. I eventually ordered it off amazon and have been listening to if for the past few days. It is amazing. Its hard to explain the it has some of their most simple music and lyrics yet the most beautiful. When the first notes play I feel myself relax and get drawn into the world they made. The lyrics are perfect down to earth and descriptive without being too poetic. Yet at the same time they are. Every time I hear it I discover something new not only about the show and story but about their talent. Its totally different from anything they done which I respect them for. And it has their style, certain chords that are in other shows that make them known for who they are. Like this show, their music is full of contradictions constantly showing that they know much more than they give, and always leave you wanting more. And they deliver far past expectations over and over again. These people are my idols and I could only hope to be up to their caliber some day. But until then its great to have something this wonderful to learn from. It is a VERY classy show. Very low key and wonderful to listen to. Its an amazing and wonderful show and had me drawn in from the very beginning..and keep you captivated until the end...and into the really touching bonus track.
 B00008VGN4-4 POSITIVO  Speaking of Oscar Wilde (the title character's inspiration in this play)... Have Ahrens and Flaherty got a picture hidden in an attic somewhere that suffers the affects of all the bad songs they write? That must explain why you've never heard a klunker from them, and probably never will.Be borne away on gorgeous melodies, and be moved by lyrics appropriately hilarious, heartfelt, or forcefully dramatic. &quot;Streets of Dublin&quot; is the best &quot;love my town&quot; song I've heard yet. &quot;Art&quot; is a hoot.
 B00008VGN4-5 POSITIVO  This is a very special little show. Based on a film that starred the great Albert Finney, Terrence McNally, Stephen Flaherty and Lynn Ahrens (the team who brought us the musical "Ragtime") have created a haunting and melancholy musical of repression and unrequited love. Roger Rees plays Alfie Byrne - a closeted gay bus conductor who worships Oscar Wilde and lusts after Robbie - his beautiful young bus driver(Steven Pasquale).Alfie lives with his spinster sister Lily (played by Faith Prince), who refuses to get on with her own life and marry the butcher William Carney (played by Charles Keating).Alfie reads poetry to the passengers on his bus, and attempts to stage "Salome" with a group of local players. As his yearning for Robbie and his desire to come out of the closet overtakes him, Alfie is rebuffed by the church and encouraged by the ghost of Wilde. Coming out results in initial disaster - a brutal gay-bashing which is nothing compared with complete exposure to family, friends and co-workers.Terrence McNally has been telling "our" stories for years - "Kiss of the Spider Woman," "Love Valor Compassion" - even "The Full Monty." His work here is inspired. The score is what we have on this CD - and it's terrific. Flaherty and Ahrens won a Tony for "Ragtime," and also wrote "Once On This Island," "Seussical" and "Dessa Rose." This score is one of their best (this is a team we should be hearing from for decades). The titular number is a knockout. The ensemble couldn't be improved upon. "Princess" (sung beautfully by Sally Murphy), "Man in the Mirror" and "Love Who You Love" are evocative, character infused ballads. "The Streets of Dublin" is a showstopper. The orchestrations by William David Brohn and Christopher Jahnke are outstanding, as is everything about this recording.
 B00008VGN4-6 POSITIVO  As far as musical theatre goes, there have been very few teams in the last decade or so that have been able to create as amazing and beautiful pieces of theatrical brilliance as Flaherty and Ahrens. And thank God the two have been able to impart so many great works. From "Once On This Island" to "Ragtime", it seemed like they would never be able to top themselves.And then this comes to my attention.At first listen, I was disappointed. I was expecting something along the lines of a new "Ragtime"- with an Irish twist. And no, "A Man of No Importance" is perhaps not as instantly accessible as the infectious "Ragtime" is, but give it a few tries. It has quickly become my favorite Flaherty/Ahrens score.In most musicals, there are one or two songs that require a quick push of the "skip" button on my CD player, but "A Man of No Importance" is an exception. There isn't a single clunker in this collection. From the lovely title song to the beautiful "Welcome to the World", this score soars with a jubilant and sometimes heartrendering outlook that can develop its characters in as much as a three minute song.The plot can be easily discerned from the songs and with a little help from the more-than-complete synopsis included with the CD's liner notes. Based on the 1994 film, "A Man of No Importance" tells the tale of Alfie Byrne, a Dublin bus driver determined to put on a church production of Oscar Wilde's "Salome". Along the way, he confronts his own sexuality and changes the lives of those around him.One of the main assets behind the success of the score is the plot. Unlike the somewhat more distant "Ragtime", "A Man of No Importance" deals with characters not unlike people you may have known. Perhaps it is even possible to see yourself in Alfie Byrne. This is, for the most part, more than can be said with the class-driven society in "Ragtime". Indeed, even the conclusion of "A Man of No Importance" reflects the uncertainties and difficulties of social acceptance present in modern society; a far cry from the pat and dry ending of the very sentimental "Ragtime".It's hard to pick out a few musical highlights, but if pressed, I would choose "The Cuddles That Mary Gave", a funny and yet mournful recollection of an older man's dead wife, "Confession", where Alfie almost confesses his love for another man to the local priest, "Art", an infectious and funny melody in which Alfie faces the difficulties of putting on a play, "The Streets of Dublin", a poetic ode to the city of Dublin set to a driving rock beat, and "Love Who You Love", a beautiful melody that is passionate and yet so very realistic in its idiomatic language. Consider the lyrics:"Your common sense tells youBest not to beginBut your fool heartCannot help plungin' inAnd nothin' and no-oneCan stand in your wayYou just have to love who you love"
 B00008VGN4-7 POSITIVO  I absolutely love this musical team! It seems that everything Lynn Ahrens and Stephen Flaherty touch turns to gold. This musical is no exception. There is definitely a flavor of their previous musicals incorporated into this one. Predominantly, it had a feel similar to Ragtime and Lucky Stiff, with an all new Irish twist. It's light and catchy, yet a little slower in pace than most of their musicals in the past. A great album, with great talent in its cast and writers.
 B00008VGN4-8 POSITIVO  I always kick myself for not seeing things and then listening to the cast recording and finding the show interesting. It's missing those great songs that were in Ragtime or Once On This Island (especially in Act II), but the melodies are pleasing (supported by great orchestrations) and the cast is fantastic.
 B00008VGN4-9 POSITIVO  I first heard about this musical when a friend told me she was auditioning for a production. Her brief synopsis was enough to get me interested, and I got the CD. The musical is based on the 1995 film of the same title, not on a novel. After listening, I was intrigued enough to purchase the movie.It's the story of a bus conductor in Dublin, Ireland. A quiet man who's job is to collect the fares of bus riders. But he plays a role in the lives of his riders, reciting poetry and verse during the ride, engaging his passengers and making their trip something more than just a ride.The opening number is a wonderful and poetic description of the seemingly mundane act of riding the bus to work in the morning being transformed from drudgery to a lively part of the daily round.Many of his riders participate in his amateur theatre productions at a local church hall. His spinster sister has put her life on hold until her brother meets and marries a wife.The conductor, Alfie, is a homosexual, who retreats from his own life into one of fantasy built around the poetry and prose of his inspiration, Oscar Wilde. His emotional outlets are narrowed to books and cooking, and his creativity is directed to his plays.As his life rumbles forward on the bus, the pain of living this way becomes clear. The pressures of self denial press in on him. He longs to live a real life, and to feel the pleasures of love with another human being.He longs, secretly, of the driver of his bus, but is caught in a net of Catholic guilt and social pressures, so shuns involvement in the outside world, preferring the safety and security of the secret world inside his own head.Until, that is, the need for human interaction - both physical and emotional - drive him to a desperate point.Beaten and humiliated by his only attempt to be himself, he finds that he is a man of importance to those around him. That being Oscar Wilde isn't who he needs to be, but instead, the man he is, Alfie Byrne.The musical seems to flesh out some of the characters better than the movie, and improve on some of the vagaries of the film. The motivations of his sister, Lil, are more understandable because her relationship with Carney, the butcher is more clear, for example.On first hearing, I found the story moving, but a little confusing - mostly keeping the characters in order. After reading the liner notes I had a much better feel for the action and interrelationships, and enjoyed it even more. The music captures the character and emotions of the story quite well.The score uses Irish influences extremely well, and eschews the current style of rock rhythms and American Idol style vocal acrobatics, resulting in a good, solid and serious musical.It's a sensitive story, well told by well written and evocative music.
 B00008VGN4-10 POSITIVO  On a whim I bought this CD and it's one of the best musicals I've ever listened to. Several different styles are used, differences between characters, etc.The CD is just Amazing, I can listen to it over and over again.Plus, I love Stephen Flaherty and Lynn Ahrens' musicals.Again, this cd is wonderful. Go for it.
 B00008VGN4-11 POSITIVO  This is a beautiful, touching score, incredibly well executed by a talented cast. The songs are all the more touching after actually SEEING a production, or at least having seen the film, but even without visuals to "remember," the honesty of the lyrics and performances come through. "Ragtime" is doubtless the best work by Ahrens and Flaherty, but this might be my second favorite. "Seussical" and "Once on this Island" are both clever, and full of great heart, but the mature nature of this subject matter, and it's musical love letter to "Art" elevate it above the other works.
 B00008VGN4-12 POSITIVO  Let me first say that if you don't like Irish music, you probably won't like this show.A Man of No Importance is the perfect example of how off-broadway can have amazing shows too. It is the story of a kind hearted ticket taker, Alfie Burnes who loves oscar wilde and poetry. Enter Robbie Fay, driver of the bus, this is the one on whom Alfie has a crush.Alfie lives with his sister Lil and heads the comunity theater group, The St. Amelda's players,. For their next production Alfie want to put on "Salome"I won't give away the whole show but that is the general gist nix the twists and turns taken during the play.The talent on the cast album is extremly gifted and sind the songs with such believability that you think you might in the streets of Dublin Ireland while you're listining.Standouts include:A Man of No ImportanceThe Burden of LifeGoing UpPrincessThe Streets of DublinBooksOur FatherConfessionsArtAll in all this album is a good and enjoyable buy.
 B00008VGN4-13 POSITIVO  This is another review that I did when I didn't have an account so i'm re-issuing it so that yall know it's me.Let me first say that if you don't like Irish music, you probably won't like this show.A Man of No Importance is the perfect example of how off-broadway can have amazing shows too. It is the story of a kind hearted ticket taker, Alfie Burnes who loves oscar wilde and poetry. Enter Robbie Fay, driver of the bus, this is the one on whom Alfie has a crush.Alfie lives with his sister Lil and heads the comunity theater group, The St. Amelda's players. For their next production Alfie wants to put on "Salome"I won't give away the whole show but that is the general gist nix the twists and turns taken during the play.The talent on the cast album is extremly gifted and sing the songs with such believability that you think you might really be in the streets of Dublin, Ireland while you're listining.Standouts include:A Man of No ImportanceThe Burden of LifeGoing UpPrincessThe Streets of DublinBooksOur FatherConfessionsArtAll in all this album is a good and enjoyable buy.
 B00008VGN4-14 POSITIVO  After doing an Ahrens and Flaherty review at my university, I became drawn to the 2 songs "The Streets of Dublin" and "Love Who You Love". After the show closed, I got my hand on a copy of the whole musical and I haven't stopped listening to it for about a week.The ability of Ahrens and Flaherty to put you in such a distinct place and time is so evident here. The music and voices are about as Irish as you can get. Each of the singers are perfect, the stanadouts being Jessica Molaskey as Mrs Patrick, and Steven Pasquale as Robbie faye. My favorite songs in the recording have to be the two I already mentioned, "Our Father" and the haunting "Confusing Times"No, it's not the multilayered, epic story of Ragtime, and it doesn't have to be. "A Man of No Importance" is a lovely, heart-wrenching story about a man looking for his honest place in the world, and will make a fine addition to your showtune collection.
 B00008VGN4-15 POSITIVO  I absolutely love this musical... I consider myself a little bit of a music snob, I'm really picky about the quality of music that I listen to, and I absolutely give this show 5 stars! The score is beautiful and heartfelt, and performances by all involved are so genuine and wonderful that it makes you want to listen to it over and over again. I have had "Streets of Dublin" on loop in my mp3 player for days! Plus, the Irish touch to all of the music gives it a fantastic, charming feel :)
 B00008VGN4-16 POSITIVO  Excellent recording, excellent music. i was surprised since I had not heard it before. Very enjoyable.
 B00008VGN4-17 POSITIVO  Not the greatest musical of all time but it has a decent story line and some fantastic music!
 B00008VGN4-18 NEGATIVO  A MAN OF NO IMPORTANCE was listed as a book so I was quite surprised when it showed up as a songbook. There were other songbooks listed which is why I chose this one as I was interested in buying the script. So I was unhappy about that. I enjoy the music and I imagine if I read music this would have been a perfect choice for me. So buyer beware.
 B0000AKP2J-0 POSITIVO  What else has he to cover now? Opera? From the gut wrenching opener Little Wonder through to the classic Dead Man Walking, and onto the weird souding Telling Lies, Bowie proves he is as versatile as ever... Yet I feel the album is shorn of that one classic track which all his fans would be humming in 10 years time... nevertheless, a man for all seasons
 B0000AKP2J-1 POSITIVO  What can I say? This is a great CD, but then it is David Bowie, he rarely does anything that isn't fantastic.
 B0000AKP2J-2 POSITIVO  Another great album from David Bowie. Is &quot;Little Wonder&quot; too easy for you? Then try &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans.&quot; And if you can, go find a copy of David's 50th birthday party TV concert from Madison Square Garden. The live version there is enormous. A great CD.
 B0000AKP2J-3 POSITIVO  I saw DB on this tour and it was awesome. What a show! The disc is great-better the louder you play it. Still not quite his best 90's material as the last song is a stinker, but extremely catchy, fun stuff. Highly recommended.
 B0000AKP2J-4 POSITIVO  This CD. Wow. Bowie, Always a masterful artist, has perfectly blended &quot;organic' Instruments with Electronic to create an incomprehensibly awesome body of work that just screams &quot;I was here first, and I'm not going away!&quot; I cannot describe it, so I shall not. Buy this CD and you will never be sorry. Poseur come and go, ripping off everything from his eye condition to his Ziggy Stardust Logo, but Earthling Proves that they're all just poseurs. The rest of the industry is trying to catch up to where he's (and Eartling) already been.
 B0000AKP2J-5 POSITIVO  Before I say anything else, I gotta say that I like the cover of the cd... The album kicks off with the first single, &quot;Little Wonder&quot;. This is a great track, but it's a little repetitive...&quot;So far away. So far away......so far away.......so far away.....&quot; &quot;Looking for Satellites&quot; is a monotonous droning chant, however it is one of the few songs on the cd that is actually fun to listen to. &quot;Battle for Britain (The Letter)&quot; is a very catchy song and it would've made a great single.. There are some interesting lyrics in &quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot;, but it is another great song. There's a wonderful saxophone part in it, and once the song gets going, it really rocks. &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; is my favorite song off of the cd. It's another great song that rocks and has good lyrics. &quot;Telling Lies&quot; is another strong track that shows off David Bowie's solid songwriting style. Very well sung too. &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot; is in my opinion the worst song on here. Maybe it's just a little too techno for me, but I don't like it. &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot; is another good song, but I like the single version better. Trent Reznor does a great job on the backing vocals on that version. The cd ends with an awesome techno song called &quot;Law (Earthlings on Fire)&quot;. This song will make you want to go hit something with a hammer......heh thats supposed to be a compliment.
 B0000AKP2J-6 POSITIVO  This follow-up to &quot;Outside&quot; I have to say is a bit disappointing in that it makes a decent album, but a hideous sequel (supposedly it's second in a pseudo-trilogy). That aside, this album has moments of strong musicianship and the traditional Bowie sound (whatever that is). &quot;Little Wonder&quot; demonstrates that Bowie and Gabrels is a team that was meant to be. Gabrels' guitar work is somke of the most impressive you will ever hear. &quot;Looking for Satellites&quot; is a good electro piece with a really weird chorus. &quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot; and &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot; are WAAAY too ero-style techno for my taste, and the Nine Inch Nails remix of &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot; is far superior (although this version is still very good as well). The rest of the album manages to make techno sound musically appealing, though barely. Basically, it is NOT Bowie's best effort, but it is still a strong album that does not suffer from any of his past conventions other than always making random turns on unexpected roads. A very good album either way you look at it.
 B0000AKP2J-7 POSITIVO  I have listened to this recording quite often over the past few years and I must say it stands on its own two feet even still. I believe any of Bowie's further endeavours are going to take great effort to top this one. Having listened to his new recording &quot;Hours&quot;, I think I'd better wait a while before I give word to it.
 B0000AKP2J-8 POSITIVO  This is a simply briliant CD, its an essential Bowie CD, and its an essential for industrial fans as well (its industrial for the middle aged crowd). This is Bowie's best since Low and i say buy it even if you are a fan of old Bowie its a great cd.
 B0000AKP2J-9 POSITIVO  After wasting his time with so many old songs and covers ('tonight') and marrying supermodels and experimenting with tin machine and other forgetful projects, Bowie is finally back with this one. In my opinion the first one worth buying since &quot;Let's Dance&quot;. Other Bowie fans may disagree because they prefer his older, deeper 70's stuff (as I do) but you have to remember this man does not have musical integrity he does what he likes at the time...and I like this one! My favorites are Dead Man Walking and 7 Years in Tibet. Overall great CD from Bowie. Hey wasn't this album nominated for a Grammy award in '98?
 B0000AKP2J-10 POSITIVO  while some may say that bowie is just doing what was popular at the time(techno/dance music)i feel that they are completly wrong.bowie does what he wants when he wants and then drops it and moves on to something new.this album has bowie moving on to a different sound than bowie fans are used to(i feel he got the idea to do this by hanging around with trent reznor).while the songs are a little too long(little wonder can get boring after a while and so can some of the others)bowie still keeps you interested in the music in some way.i'm afraid of americans is possibly one of bowie's biggest rock songs,and sounds more like tin machine(the original is on the showgirls soundtrack and the album version is way better than the nine inch nails mix wich sucks)bowie always seems to wrap in new styles of music and different kinds of people with every album.and he did it again with this one.it's no hunky dory(his best)but it's still bowie,and it still rocks.
 B0000AKP2J-11 POSITIVO  It is sometimes hard to keep up with Bowie. His diversity in music changes faster that the 'fashions' he has had a hand in creating. Earthling seems to find Bowie laying down tracks that are worthwhile listening, although quirky, it it typical of the mans music. Through many changes of character and styles this is one of his better recent offerings. An album that you do not get fed up of, and can be listened to over and over again. It also has an appeal to a wide age goup and I quite often hear Earthling tracks coming from my daughters hi-fi. When kids of 15 and 18 years old can enjoy the music as well as their parents, it tells you the album has got that certain something without it being a mainstream commercial collection of songs. The album certainly is not easy listening nighttime sounds, it is abrasive rock with a fair bit of guts thrown in.
 B0000AKP2J-12 POSITIVO  Bowie is fast paced, and this performance is probably of the same caliber as Black Tie White Noise (although that recording is of a different flavor). Bowie is original, and refreshing...Also, the recording quality is virtually perfect. Be sure to turn down the volume on your stereo before you play this to establish a safe level!!!
 B0000AKP2J-13 POSITIVO  Should buy it. Worth the money, David Bowie is back
 B0000AKP2J-14 POSITIVO  THERE IS A PERIOD OF TIME ( 1975 - 1980 ) THAT REPRESENTS THE HIGHEST POSSIBLE ATTAINEMNT OF BOWIE'S TALENT (ALBUMS INCLUDED: &quot;LOW&quot; &quot;HEROES&quot; &quot;LODGER&quot; AND &quot;SCARY MONSTERS&quot;). THOSE OF YOU WHO WOULD CONSIDER THE ABOVE MENTIONED ALBUMS AS BOWIE'S BEST SHOULD REALLY DIVE INTO &quot;EARTHLING.&quot; THOUGH AT FIRST &quot;EARTHLING&quot; MIGHT SOUND TOO MUCH LIKE STANDARD TECHNO IT, OVER TIME, REVEALS IT'S SELF TO BE ANYTHING BUT &quot;STANDARD&quot; IN ANY CATAGORY. THIS IS WHY I PRIZE DAVID'S MUSIC SO HIGHLY.. AND THE LIVE CONCERT FOR THE EARTHLING TOUR WAS TAILOR MADE FOR A BOWIE FAN SUCH AS MYSELF.OUT OF BOWIE'S OUTPUT SHOULD I CHOOSE WHAT PAST ALBUM IS SIMILAR TO &quot;EARTHLING&quot; &quot;LODGER&quot; COMES IMEDIALTELY TO MIND. CHRIS HILER CHILER@ADVENT.COM
 B0000AKP2J-15 POSITIVO  I don't usually like or listen to much industrial music, but "Outside" was a really good CD. "Earthling" is the same way with me. I don't usually like jungle-dance music, but I still really like "Earthling." I'm not just saying that because I'm a big fan of his. He's just got this way of being able to turn something that's generally not so great into something amazing. Hell, I bet Bowie could make a rap CD and it would turn out decent! ...Then again...I don't think even he could save that trash. Now, moving on to "Earthling."A couple of people say that this was his comeback album, but I think Bowie had made his comeback in 1993 with "The Buddha of Suburbia." It's a shame they put that out of print. The title track is one of his best songs of all time. Anyway, all the songs on here, except for one, are jungle dance songs. The one that isn't is "Seven Years In Tibet." It's industrial and sounds like something that could've been on "Outside." All the songs are great, except "Looking for Satellites" and "Telling Lies" are a little weaker than the others. But, those two are still very listenable and they don't really hurt the rest of the album at all. My favorites are "Battle For Britain," "Seven Years In Tibet," "Dead Man Walking," and "Earthlings on Fire."I'll admit when I first listened to it, I wasn't sure if I liked it or not. But when I listened to it again, I became addicted and now it's one of favorites right along with the rest of his albums. If you're new to David Bowie's music, I'm not really sure which CD to recommend picking up first, because each one sounds totally different. I guess I'd pick Hunky Dory or Aladdin Sane. If you aren't new to him, I highly recommend this. People are selling this CD on here for $0.01, so you wouldn't be out of much if you didn't end up liking it.
 B0000AKP2J-16 POSITIVO  Barely past a year from &quot;Outside,&quot; Bowie switched outfits and came out clubbing. Gone was the dark and foreboding atmosphere of Detective Nathan Adler's diaries, in was a very British romp through Jungle and bass dance music. No concepts this time, just great single after great throbbing single. &quot;Little Wonder&quot; was the kind of song tailor made for dance clubs circa 1997, and the bass heavy sound made my apartment walls shake back then.Keeping Reeves Gabriels back as a full time collaborator (from the Tin Machine days) certainly added to the glorious racket. His feedback laden leads and quirky rhythms elevated &quot;Dead Man Walking,&quot; &quot;Telling Lies&quot; and &quot;Law.&quot; The sole drawback to this album is that it has dated itself (Drum'n'bass lasted what? Two months?), but having songs as amazing as &quot;Seven Years In Tibet&quot; and the genuinely disconcerting &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans&quot; (wherein Bowie mumbles &quot;God is an American...&quot;) makes &quot;Earthling&quot; a Bowie disc still worth seeking out.
 B0000AKP2J-17 POSITIVO  this bowie album is by far one of my favorites by him, either you love it, or you hate it. each track uses the drum and bass format and elevates it to a whole new level. bowie takes elements of the electronica he helped invent and adds analog sounds over top: loud guitars, keyboards by brian eno, crazy piano solos (looking for a satellite), etc, with catchy bowie lyrics and melodies making it quite a journey. &quot;i'm afraid of americans&quot; is the standout, blending paranoia with the downright weird (nine inch nails version highly recommended). &quot;7 years in tibet&quot; is also a great song, with an explosive chorus that can only be done by the best. the rest of the album is great, instant bowie classics. why this thing is out of print i have no idea, it's a genius of melody and sound at his best. whenever i need a break from the eddie vedder sound-alikes and mediocre crap on the radio, earthlings is the first place i turn.
 B0000AKP2J-18 POSITIVO  Haha forget that sexual stuff I said. This is a damn good cd and I like it. Seven Years in Tibet is one of my favorite bowie songs of all time.
 B0000AKP2J-19 POSITIVO  I heard the live version of &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot; for the first time, for Howard Stern's birthday. The non-live version on this CD is equally powerful, with grinding guitar riffs and Bowie's scathing interpretation of &quot;Johnny's an American.&quot; The cuts on this CD demonstrate Bowie's ability to masterfully blend techno-rock with rap-like precision, both punishing us and pleasuring us with his lyrics. We think we have the beat &quot;down&quot; until he breaks out into chorus and re-emerges above the fray, achieving equanimity with perfect balance of raw synergy and power.
 B0000AKP2J-20 POSITIVO  I feel compelled to write this review because of an overall lack of solid information presented by other reviews. Scary Monsters wasn't 1979, it was 1980, for example. Anyway, I consider 1.OUTSIDE, of 1995, to be Bowie's real comeback album, a recovery from 15 years of having sold out. Earthling, however, is even *cooler*. It just rocks the house, quite literally; crank up either the bass or the treble for a very different experience. Earthling is *fun*; 1.OUTSIDE was more adult, matured, adventurous, full-sounding. Earthling is loud, fast, and steady, and it isn't just noise, like most music today. The two singles, &quot;Little Wonder&quot; and &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans,&quot; are actually the two dullest songs on the whole album. &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; is the general favorite amongst my friends. &quot;LAW (Earthlings On Fire)&quot; is a spectacular finale track. (Also, a visitor mentioned a poseur; that's Marilyn Manson who copied Bowie's eye condition, his Ziggy Stardust lightning logo, and all that. The whole Mechanical Animals album is a distinct copy of the Ziggy Stardust album.) In review: (1) get your facts straight, and (2) Earthling is a definite MUST-BUY. :-)
 B0000AKP2J-21 NEUTRO  The release of Outside in my oppinion proved, if that god help it was necessary, Bowie still possesed the genius from the days of Low. When he had lost touch with himself in the eighties there were moments he kept thrilling me on occasional songs, but on the whole he just made you feel sorry for his loss of focus. Yet, that synthetic poppy decade seemed a doomed one for almost every artist, excluding the likes of Sonic Youth that were just starting, driven by the spirit of the Velvet Underground and their predecessors of the seventies, like Patti Smith and Joy Division. With Tin Machine he shook things up at a time when grunge and techno and world music were giving new live to the scene, but he forgot that his strength lay in subtleness, even when rocking like on the brilliant Diamond Dogs. Nonetheless, he refound his inspiration, and as a person he regained the respect that in my heart i never lost for him. On Outside, especially when you take the vinyl version, which contains only the strong cuts, his experimental and moving sound evolved further from the point where he had left it after Scary Monsters and once again he showed where the age was at. Listening to Earthling i can only say that luckily he keeps trying out new things, only, it sounds to me like Tin Machine on electronics and that means it rocks hard without really touching you and Outside was just more adventerous and moving. It even reminded me of the admirable Let's Dance in its commercial and polished vibe, though it's far less boring. So i agree with those that say we have here a transitional recording that gives hope for the future.
 B0000AKP2J-22 POSITIVO  This is my second favorite Bowie album after Outside. I love most of his work but his mid-late 90's music is my favorite. Again Bowie evolves his music and does something different. while using techno beats that start off interesting but follow the overtly repetative nature of that style, the music applied to those beats is not something familiar to most techno styles except in its sample-flash-pan style. most of this album is fast paced and upbeat. it features great vocals as usual for Bowie and is co-written and co-produced by eccentric guitar player Reeves Gabrels. a very interesting and creative musician in his own right. Also including more collaboration with Brian Eno. other musicians on this album also do an interesting job of following Bowie in yet another direction. Mike Garson's beautiful piano playing also peppers this album. However it seems that its Bowie's vocals, the driving beats, and Reeves' outlandish guitar sounds that really give the album its defining traits and textures. A real gem on this album is Seven Years in Tibet, a bit different from the other tracks, has a very quiet dramatic verse and a heavy chorus and is loaded with unusual guitar tremolo flutter sounds that on the first few listens sort of make you wonder what it was you just heard. this song almost reminds me of something the Beatles might do if they were all still around today. just a personal thought though. it has the most &quot;live band&quot; feel compared to the other songs. i recomend this to fans of electronic music, or just different music, or really open minded Bowie fans(and i suppose most Bowie fans are). Bowie's more recent releases like Hours and Heathen depart largely from these Outside and Earthling styles (which while rather different in some aspects share a lot of common ground)and become more gentle to an extent, but are just as interesting.
 B0000AKP2J-23 NEUTRO  Don't get me wrong, as this album is a favorite for many Bowie fans. I like it too, but not nearly as much as some of his other work. This album just doesn't sound like he put to much into it. Of course, I totally understand why. Bowie was trying to appeal to a younger audience, and he made some really cool music videos with these songs in the process. The album Outside had a similar style (not identical, but similar) with a much better outcome, if you ask me.Still, if nothing else, it's neat just to prove that Bowie can do anything he wants, this was one style of music he hadn't touched, and he did, fairly successfully. He doesn't work his vocals too hard on this album though, and it would be neat to see him tackle this style again, but working a little harder.His next album, Hours, heads in a totally different direction, and I think he did a better job with that.
 B0000AKP2J-24 POSITIVO  Deft use of drum n' bass, tantalizing work on keys by the master Mike Garson, Reeves at this best on guitar and the indomitable David Bowie sounding edgy, inspired and hyper active at fifty.This album takes full advantage of surround sound speakers. Not sure if that was intended, but you'll discover many wonderful audible surprises along the way.&quot;Little Wonder&quot; is one of the most explosive, enjoyable singles ever and Bowie's performance of it on Saturday Night Live is a memory to cherish. Good, because my VCR failed at the time.This is Bowie's exploration of electronics merged with rock and he does it quite well.High energy, inspiring music to move you. Great work.
 B0000AKP2J-25 POSITIVO  After the breakup of the influential pre-alternative Tin Machine, Bowie boldly pushed his solo career headfirst into the 90s. Always the chameleon and constant usurper of styles, David Bowie's 90s output has been startlingly original following a fairly regular pattern and referencing a wealth of influences all their own. Perhaps the legendary tweaker of ideas sudden embrace of pure originality was a response to his confessed betrayal of artistic integrity in the 80s, but regardless of the artist's motive, Bowie's new work ranks amongst his best material without simply repeating it. One of the strongest albums from Bowie's 90s repertoire also stands as one of his most creative. "Earthlings", the 1997 industrial masterpiece, picks up where the dance experiments of prior albums like 1993's "Black Tie White Noise" had left off. Continuing to employ heavily synthesized drums and plodding, monotonous bass lines, Earthlings' establishes an undercurrent of the trademark dense groove that Bowie has made his own. However, the big difference between Bowie's previous journeys into the club/dance scene and Earthlings is that Earthlings, has a bite to it. Emphasizing every single rapid-fire drum fill and each individual bass dive are mountains of dense, stacked guitars that would make even Billy Corgan proud. These heaping mounds of feedback lend an invigorating amount of power to the otherwise light, catchy songs, really driving Earthlings' point home. Finally, once injected with intelligent songwriting and Bowie's smooth, blue eyed soul crooning, Earthlings becomes a truly admirable blend of Alt. rock guitar fury, industrial electronica, and gothic atmospheres that sound new and timeless all at once. Not only is Earthlings a great album on its own terms though, but it is a truly original and new idea from an artist that could easily pull in wads of cash with nothing more than remakes of his critically acclaimed classics. Instead of wasting time on nostalgic tours in support of a "new" compilation like the Rolling Stones or The Who, David Bowie takes a cue from fellow rock veterans King Crimson and keeps doing what he does best, creating new and interesting music. If you're looking to hear the sounds of the 70s that you so fondly remember from your classic rock radio station, then don't bother continuing to follow Bowie's expansive career. On the contrary though, if you truly want to hear some innovative music by a tried and true musical genius, then Earthlings is a brilliant place to start.
 B0000AKP2J-26 POSITIVO  David Bowie's EARTHLING is one of those rare albums that gets better the more you listen to it. His best realease in a very long time, I often can't make it through the whole thing as one song or another will arrest my attention and I'll find myself playing only that one over and over again. The single &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot;, while an excellent piece of work, is among the weakest on the album. In particular, &quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot;, &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot;, &quot;Little Wonder&quot; and &quot;Looking For Satellites&quot; are all of them artistic high points. If, like myself, you're not a fan of techno, it likely won't matter. Bowie's work rises above such stylistic concerns.
 B0000AKP2J-27 POSITIVO  After an upsetting silence, Bowie has returned with EART HL I NG, and I like it. This album is perhaps one of the best Bowie albums ever. &quot;Little Wonder&quot; gained a lot of attention as a result of the bizarre video, but the song is much better on its own. &quot;Looking For Satellites&quot; is a bit boring, but not bad. &quot;Battle for Britain (The Letter)&quot; is a kick ass dance tune. &quot;Seven Years In Tibet&quot; is a disturbing and catchy ode to Tibet's state of crisis. &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; is the only true electronica track, and it's a great song (the others are more industrial). &quot;Telling Lies&quot;, &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot;, and &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans&quot; are the trilogy of odd yet catchy songs, and &quot;Law (Earthlings on Fire)&quot; is almost rave. all in all, a classic album, and a must-have for any collection.
 B0000AKP2J-28 POSITIVO  You really had to wonder about Bowie for a little while there. You hoped, didn't you? You listened to &quot;Low&quot; until you were drunk with pleasure, tried to chase it with &quot;Black Tie White Noise&quot;, then wished with all your heart that you could somehow project the Bowie and Eno of the 70's right over the mess you just subjected yourself to. You almost gave up, but then a little album called &quot;Outside&quot; filled you with a tiny ray of hope. Could this possibly be the Bowie of old?Fear not, Bowie fan. &quot;Earthling&quot; shines as a strong second outing from a Bowie reborn, and it could be a great sign of things to come. The man is no stranger to Electronic music (his love affair with Kraftwerk was more than apparent in the late 70's), yet a part of you may wish for a little less of the standard 90's drum and bass electronica, and a little more of the kind of music that helped shape experimental pop. A simpler and more raw production may also have served these songs better. Still, &quot;Earthling&quot; may very well be remembered as yet another great transition album from a man with a whole slew of great transition albums. Looking to the future, my fingers remain crossed.
 B0000AKP2J-29 POSITIVO  Earthling is an amazing album. An assault on the senses from the first, rushing sounds of Little Wonder to the deeper beats of Law (Earthlings On Fire), Earthling shows Bowie has finally gotten it. The sounds which he first started with Black Tie White Noise finally come to a climax, and it is great. Whereas Black Tie White Noise and 1.Outside ran long and had some filler, Earthling is Bowie's shortest album in years, 9 songs of pure sonic grace. The focus has the same effect as if a kid used a magnifying to focus the sun, it sizzles. Faith in Bowie, whatever may have been lacking from 1.Outside, is restored with Bowie's strongest album since 1980's Scary Monsters.
 B0000AKP2J-30 POSITIVO  While other aging rockers and bands are still playing the same old stuff they always had, it seems that David Bowie keeps up the latest music style. Very impressing! It's David like you never heard him before with a very talented band as well. Gail Ann Dorsey's powerful vocals back David up on 'Dead Man Walking' and 'Seven Years In Tibet', Reeves Gabrels' wild guitar rifts, and everything else is pure cool!
 B0000AKP2J-31 POSITIVO  Once again Bowie morphs into the present &amp; future through the past. Having an historical perspective on Bowie's career, i.e. having bought my first Bowie LP in 1970 ,The Man Who Sold The World, it is no surprise that his latest techno release finds its root back to 1977's Heroes. Let's face it, back when Heroes came out Bowie/Eno were looked at not as mainstream wantabees but as artist expanding their medium to suit not the record mogols, not radio, but themselves. This time however, Bowie goes back dust off the old books, gets NIN &amp; SY in the mix not for support, or as an equal, but as a mentor and visionary to teach the things to come. The tracks on EART HL I NG move flawlessly from one to the next, the brilliance of Dead Man Walking, Seven Years In Tibet, Little Wonder, and I'm Afraid of Americans makes most techno simular efforts seem bland and uninspired, let's say copied. For instance Madona's latest is a sad attempt to capitalize on someone elses foresi! ght and capabilities. Unfortunatly, more pop heads will hear her lame copy than will get to hear this original Bowie gem.
 B0000AKP2J-32 POSITIVO  I really like this album, The songs on it are vintage bowie, wistful meditations which somehow make very vivid sense, mixed with other songs which are very different.Looking for satellites is an excellent repetitive tune, which evokes spacial infinities and wobbling gravities and contemplations on the place of religion and god in this age of genetically engineered ears and triple carbon re inforced space suits.Dead man walking is perhaps my least favourite song on the album, its too commercially dance techno, without bowies trademark lyrical excellence, however its STILL good.Telling lies is a fiesty little hornet! Again in keeping with the many techno influences on this album its pacy and well timed.Law Earthlings on fire is a dance track with Bowie crooning &quot;i dont want knowledge, i want certainty!&quot; many times, another bowie voice (sounding submerged in custard)comes in with other words that i guess must make sense somehow! A good song, the music is ethereal but pacy.Im afraid of americans is a black sheep on the album, its a rock song not a dance track, but its a great little song nonetheless.Little wonder is a great song, im sure you all know it so i wont elaborate.Seven years in tibet is a classic! I love this song, it starts off slow but reaches an amazing climax as bowie shouts &quot; nothing ever goessssss away&quot;, the best song on the album.Battle for Britain is a good song, with much to recomend it.The weakest song on the album is &quot;the last thing you should do&quot;.Verdict, not quite as good as outside but better than hours.
 B0000AKP2J-33 POSITIVO  I am always constantly impressed with how David Bowie easily slips out of one form of music and into another. In a day and age when techo beats are popular but lame, and I spend hours cowering in my room stuck musically in the 70's, this album pops out and suddenly I am back in the 90's again. Bowie flirts heavily with a Trent Reznor-like sound, but with his amazing voice, this experimental album works very well. The best track is &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans.&quot; It just starts off and builds to this LOUD chorus. This is a good album to get if you are like me, not really into the 90's sound, but still are able to appreciate genius when you hear it (although I will always love the 70's Bowie glam more).
 B0000AKP2J-34 POSITIVO  When I became a fan in the early days of &quot;Aladdin Sane&quot; (1973), I could never imagine David Bowie would go on to become such a revolutionary and long-lasting name in rock music. One aspect that I find amazing about him is that he avoids what I call &quot;the nostalgia act syndrome&quot; at all costs. For instance, while most of his contemporaries just play a token selection from their latest album and fill the rest of their concerts with &quot;greatest hits&quot;, Bowie sang all but one of the songs in &quot;Earthling&quot; in his 1997 tour. He did more or less the same thing in the &quot;Outside&quot; Tour in 1995/96.In &quot;Earthling&quot;, Bowie does what he did with &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; in 1980: he takes up the latest brand of rock music and beats the new acts at their own game. In &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; it was new wave. In &quot;Earthling&quot; it is jungle/industrial music. I feel this album is somewhat underrated. Only Bowie fans seem to realize its brilliance. Any album that has &quot;Little Wonder&quot;, &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot;, &quot;Telling Lies&quot;, &quot;Looking for Satellites&quot;, &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot; and &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; has to be a winner. I'm sure this album will have its importance reevaluated someday, but the 1997 tour will never come back. I saw the three shows in Brazil and I'll never forget them. Bowie has put out two little gems in the 90's: &quot;Outside&quot; and &quot;Earthling&quot;. How many artists from the late 60's/early 70's are still relevant today?
 B0000AKP2J-35 NEUTRO  David Bowie has captured the souls of many with his special talent for music. He has, however, been able to do this for many years without the help of the &quot;techno&quot; scene. But even in techno music, Bowie has talent. This is a great album and the songwriting is extraordinary. Songs like &quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot; and &quot;Looking For Satellites&quot; really show that Bowie has talent in any genre of music, and is capable to performing up to standards way beyond the age of 50.
 B0000AKP2J-36 POSITIVO  Never an Artist has had the capacity to adapt to his time as Bowie does. My god !! this guy's must be 60 or so and still soooooo fresh. I bought the album in pawn shop two days ago. I guess that someone was in deep financial trouble to give away that treasure. I'm not a techno fan...but man man man that albums is just a pure-genius's production !!
 B0000AKP2J-37 POSITIVO  This is not your ordynary David Bowie but he is the same for only one thing, he still &quot;Changes&quot;. This album is a great collection of new Bowie songs. I first bought this album for one song, &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot;, but now I love it for all its songs. I never even knew who David Bowie was, but now I do and I love all of his music. So if you love Bowie at his best this is for you. And if you're tired of the same old Bowie (but who is?) this is also for you.
 B0000AKP2J-38 NEUTRO  I bought this album only hearing part of the song &quot;I'm afraid of americans&quot;. I knew it was techno based, but after listening to it, its basically a rock lp with techno as the icing. Bowie has been better, and being the rock and roll junkie that I am, this album just barely manages to be listenable. But I give him credit for trying out new styles of music, but lets face it-David Bowie and dance/techno are not the best mix. Give me old Ziggy Stardust anyday.
 B0000AKP2J-39 NEUTRO  Bowie garnered some of his best reviews in years with this album, and its a lot better than the concept of 'Bowie' and 'Electronica' sounds. Whats definetly good about it is the versitility of the songs, which are well written and would fare just as well sans drum and bass ornamantation. Whats not so good is the irrelevancy of some of the later tracks, such as 'Law'. All in all, its an ambiguous and ambivalant album, as much as the man himself is.
 B0000AKP2J-40 POSITIVO  David Bowie was always one of those artists who is far far better on anthologies/greatest hits/singles/ compilations like &quot;Changesbowie&quot; or &quot;The Singles: 1969-93&quot;, which make him seem like the grand chameleon he is always portrayed as, without having to wade through the boring dross which takes up the majority of his albums, particularly after 1976's &quot;Low&quot;. With that said, &quot;Earthling&quot; truly is a return to form, as if the man had woken up from a deep slumber that began in the mid 80s and suddenly decided to come out with all guns blasting again. There are many reasons why Earthling is his best album in twenty years (or more): the songs are among his best in years, the techno elements (and I'm *not* a techno fan) are incorporated ingeniously into the rock framework, and there are more than enough hints of the classic Bowie sound now and again (ie. the piano solo in &quot;Battle For Britain&quot; updates the one in &quot;Aladdin Sane&quot;). What you get here is one monster of an album, a techno-prog-pop-rock stormburner that is filled with thunderous heavy riffs and yet light on its dancing feet and pop choruses, with lots of unique sounds and experimentation. Not only that, but Bowie manages to keep up the high spirits of the majestic opening number &quot;Little Wonder&quot; throughout most of the rest of the album, in tracks like &quot;Looking For Sattelites&quot; and the wicked &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans&quot;. There is only *one* filler IMO, the languid &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot;; to make a point, if I was to choose which songs would go on an anthology/compilation, I would choose *four*: &quot;Little Wonder&quot;, &quot;Seven Years In Tibet&quot;, &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot;, and &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans&quot;. And that's leaving out &quot;Battle For Britain!!&quot; This just might be Bowie's best of his career, after &quot;Hunky Dory&quot;.
 B0000AKP2J-41 NEGATIVO  I've been a big David Bowie fan since 1974. I have all of his albums except a live album and some greatest hits compilations, and I love most of them, but I can't stand &quot;Earthling&quot;. It's a lot--I mean a lot--of noise--I mean noise--piled upon some very trite and insipid musical fragments. And--this is a small point considering how painful every else about this album is--David Bowie is singing out of tune.
 B0000AKP2J-42 NEGATIVO  I'm an old Bowie fan, but I like nine inch nails. I don't have a problem with Bowie going techno. What made Bowie great was the story telling, There's no story here. On the opening track he repeats you little wonder 34 times, he repeats the phrase so far away 30 times all rapped around electronic noises and blurbs that make no sense to me. As I listen to the rest of the CD, the same thing. 1 line phrases repeated over and over with noise in the background. What made bowie great was a collection of the some of worlds greatest musicians led by one of the worlds greatest composers. Not here on this CD you get about an hour of non ending electronic drum beats with noise blurbs, not 1 cool guitar riff. I picked this CD up because of the high rating and it's low price on Amazon. I gave up on Bowie several CD's ago this one's no better!
 B0000AKP2J-43 POSITIVO  My uncle constantly was bugging me to listen to Bowie albums as I was growing up. I was thirteen when this cd came out and my uncle bought it for me. It sat around for a while and I never listened to it because I liked stuff like Madonna, Guns'n'Roses and Garbage (now I don't like them as much). I thought my uncle was crazy and that Bowie would surely be crazy although I had never heard any of his songs or even seen his face. Well, it was one summer night early in the morning about 5 or 6 o'clock and i was in my room drawing. I put on the CD because my uncle kept asking me if I had listened to it yet, and the 15 seconds of music was ok. Then, David's voice came in. I remember just sitting there. Being like, &quot;Oh my god, this is beautiful.&quot; As the CD went on, I just sat there, mesmerized by this man's voice and music. It was very drum'n'bass techno like stuff. The sun was coming up and the room was glowing all golden and it was so beautiful. It was a turning point for me. I knew that I wanted to do this. I wanted to be a musician just so I could know David Bowie. The CD ended and I flipped through the CD booklet, just to find no pictures of David except his back on the cover so I just stared at that. Madly in love with this 'Bowie' man. His voice and music. I know own all his Cd's, my walls are covered in Bowie (and Angelina Jolie, Iman, and other stuff. It's not like bowie wallpaper or anything...yet) i have Bowinet, bowienet mousepad, bowie dvd's.... I love him. When I first saw his face, it was on the internet, and I thought he was absolute perfection! I was very surprised that he's about 38 years older than me and now I get teased at school for loving an 'old man', but no one that says that has ever heard him. I have changed many minds. N'Sync? That can't touch the love I have for David and his music. He is very talented and has the most beautiful voice. This was my first Bowie CD and has been the biggest influence on me. Clearly I highly recommend it to anyone who has not heard David's music, or longtime Bowie fans.
 B0000AKP2J-44 POSITIVO  My uncle was constantly bugging me to listen to Bowie albums as I was growing up. It wasn't until this one that I actually sat down and did, and now I have heard every CD that David has released. This one however, still stands out for me, with it's incredible rhythms and vocals. I'm no Bowie expert or anything, but I feel that this CD is one of his greatest ones. I've read where people have said that his last great album before Hours and Heathen was Scary Monsters, but I definitely wouldn't skip over this one and exclude it from the great album list. If you are a Bowie fan, then you probably will like this, but that's just my opinion. It is drum and bass so if you don't like that you might not particularly like this Bowie album. But for a 'drum and base' type recording, it still has soaring melodies and outstanding vocals that I think put it in a class of it's own.
 B0000AKP2J-45 POSITIVO  David Bowie once again proves to be innovative. Fans of earlier works will be surprised by the this album due to the influence of Trent Reznor. Songs like Little Wonder, 7 Years in Tibet, Dead Man Walking, and I'm Afraid of Americans prove that David Bowie can master whatever music style he feels like performing and that he will continue to be a household name in music for years to come
 B0000AKP2J-46 POSITIVO  I first heard this album on my way up to Breazy Point with Hob. I had the windows down and the bass pushing some serious air. Then got to dance to it in the clubs. But it wasn't until I listened to it out of a computer and into my headphones that I absorbed this masterpiece. Do yourself a favor and put this through good headphones and prepare yourself. I missed David Bowie on this tour and have been in pain everyday since. Atleast I have a tape of his birthday party in NewYork.
 B0000AKP2J-47 POSITIVO  After many years in the critical wilderness Bowie proves again with this album that he is by no means a spent force. With the hard edged, diverse backing of Reeves Gabrels guitar and a collection of rythmn driven tunes that still retain the Bowie signature, he hits paydirt again.Starting with the frenetic and touching &quot;Little Wonder&quot;, a tune that demonstrate that he still knows how to mix subtlety and raunch effectively, the album follows in a techno/rock vein that still manages to be very individual. Rather than pandering to current fashion he has opted to develop his distinctive sound into new areas. This is where the great strength of the material lies. It still retains the clever, off-balance lyrics that distinguish his work but it manages to stay true to its roots and develop further nuances in Bowie's style.Vocally he cruises through this album utilising his unique voice to effect with a variety of clever studio techniques. If anything he doesn't really push his vocal skills as far as he has in the past and could possibly have utilised his range more effectively.But this is small crticism of an album that is satisfying mana for those who have followed his remarkable career.Bowie manages to remain true to himself and has create music that is stylish and very much his own.
 B0000AKP2J-48 POSITIVO  Once again, Bowie proves his chameleonic musical genius with &quot;Earthling.&quot; Although I have 10+ Bowie CDs, I still come back to this one because the artistry is amazing. He mutates techno-industrial rhythms into a feverish, throbbing pulse. &quot;Little Wonder&quot; and &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot; remain my favorites. Gabrels and Garson assist Bowie in this tour de force, more propulsive than &quot;Outside.&quot; When the &quot;young kids&quot; finish with this album, they should also explore the other faces of Bowie: the glam idol &quot;Aladdin Sane,&quot; the paranoid tremblings of &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot;, the cosmic croonings on &quot;Station to Station,&quot; and the goth-punk atrocities of &quot;Outside.&quot;
 B0000AKP2J-49 POSITIVO  This is a heavily techno CD. And the great thing about it is that you don't have to like techno to love &quot;Earthling&quot;. I hated dance/techno music before i listened to this CD but Bowie, once again, changed my mind for me. My favorite song on the CD is &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot;. I can dance to it AND sing along. The work is well rounded and daring. Bowie, the rock legend, has amazed me once again!
 B0000AKP2J-50 POSITIVO  Once again taking form into the space entity known as techno\industrial music, Bowie melds together all the instruments needed to make a great piece of art-infectious drum beats, raging electronica guitar, fantastic keyboard samples, and cryptic vocals which reflect brilliant, cryptic lyrics. So as Bowie and his extraterrestrial band members pose as techno earthlings, we get a great album which could double as a sequel to &quot;Outside&quot;. Some of the best include &quot;Little Wonder&quot;, &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans&quot;, &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot;, &quot;Looking For Satellites&quot;, &quot;Battle For Britain&quot;, and &quot;Seven Years In Tibet&quot;. Also pay in mind Bowie's golden rule: &quot;I don't want knowledge. I want certainty.&quot;
 B0000AKP2J-51 POSITIVO  Having exhausted the digital remaster and enhanced CD routes already, Bowie moves on to another -- and definitely fan-friendly -- reissue program with his deluxe anniversary editions. Thankfuly EARTHLING, which was reissued simultaneously with OUTSIDE and HOURS, doesn't need to wait to 2007 to get the reissue it deserves.When first released in 1997, this album was a definite departure from the grunge-inspired OUTSIDE. Unlike that hypernarrative, EARTHLING takes its inspiration from earlier albums like HUNKY DORY for its non-sensical lyrics and puts them in the (then new) techno-surroundings. The result is nine very strong songs, many of which are certainly strong contenders for singles including those chosen ("Little Wonder" and the still topical "I'm Afraid of Americans").Now, it gets the same digital perfection that the enhanced edition had without the Bowienet connection. Instead, this limited edition comes with a second CD containing many of the remixes that appeared on singles and promotional releases. True, you get the same song twice (or even three times) in a row but the versions are different enough to stand out on their own while still giving an overall fluid flow. The highlight of this disc is a new look at the old classic "V-2 Schneider."This is a definite must for all Bowie fans, and for all fans of this album. It's recommended, but if you're indifferent, try the bonus track version released six months earlier.
 B0000AKP2J-52 POSITIVO  Bowie's late 90's techno-pop experiment was a large departure for the chameleon king. Considering that nearly the entire album is drenched in programming and drum loops, it's nearly mechanical with no soul. Even so, there is an addictive quality to its musical presence. The opening track, "Little Wonder", is a hypnotical dance number that has drum patches bouncing around the speakers like gun spray. "Seven Years In Tibet" presents a much needed relief from the frenzy, until the chorus kicks in with a serious graveness. The layering of guitars and keyboards is fantastic. However, the lyrics in "Telling Lies" and "Looking For Satellites" are grating, repetitive and tiresome. A great standout cut is "I'm Afraid Of Americans", with a heavy bass-laden nastiness and some keyboard work with old buddy Brian Eno. The lyrics are funny and shocking at the same time. It's no little wonder that Bowie used this song as the album's representative cut on his collection set.
 B0000AKP2J-53 NEUTRO  The frightening, ghostly brand of spaced-out rock which has defined Bowie in the 90s was best represented by 1995's 'Outside'. At once ethereal and industrial, the formula worked with Bowie's big, dramatic stylings. 'Outside' was one of his better efforts in years.'Earthling' is the natural evolution of Bowie's industrial forray - to where else but electronica could the relentless, mechanical tempos arrive? The layered, dense instrumentation of 'Outside' has been replaced, or usurped, by a supremely dark cocktail of synthesized beats, blips and riffs. Reeves Gabrel's guitar mastery is almost overshadowed by the electronic elements, which threaten to drown out otherwise interesting tracks 'telling lies' and 'dead man walking'.Among the album's best tracks, 'battle for britain (the letter)' encapsulates the surreal, energetic sense of drama which makes Bowie great: &quot;on a better day i'll take you by the hand and walk you through the doors / don't you let my letter get you down&quot;. 'dead man walking' recalls the chilly, glamorous futurism of 'Outside's 'hallo spaceboy'.Unfortunately, one can't help but wish to hear these tracks without the synthesized accents. While promoting 'Earthling', Bowie performed many of these songs live with a compliment of instruments similar to those used on 'Outside' - they sounded incerdible. The techno effects on 'Earthling' are interesting, but ultimately, they feel like a distraction.
 B0000AKP2J-54 POSITIVO  ... and I mean that. I'm not gushing unjustly. This is a perfect package from the bottom up.Most of the criticisms of this album take into account that Bowie was 50 years old at the time, like techno is strictly a young person's game. It's sad to think that, had a 20-year-old recorded EXACTLY this album, in the same time and place, I'm almost certain it would have been huge. HUGE. But because it was done by Bowie, people attached the weight of his age and his musical history to it, which is missing the point entirely. Take this album on its own, as it is, without any preconceived notions or ageism or anything, and this is a real firecracker.Frankly, if anything, Bowie's experience only makes the album better than what a 20-year-old could have done. The songs are actually structured like pop-rock, with moving chord progressions, ice-water piano, live drums mixed seamlessly with programmed ones, and some of the best vocals of Bowie's career (or, for that matter, anyone's). This is not like any other techno out there, at all. There's literally NOTHING ELSE LIKE THIS ALBUM. It's entirely unique. That really makes me sad, because this album is so spectacular, I want more like it.One thing I find particularly interesting about this album is that there is a subtle A-side/B-side quality. It may not be apparent right away, because the division is not nearly as obvious as it is on Low or "Heroes", but it's there. All the songs in the first half of the album, from "Little Wonder" through "Dead Man Walking," are positively-charged and upbeat - with the exception of "Seven Years In Tibet," which is venomous, a sizzling acid burn. Then, from "Telling Lies" through "LAW (Earthlings On Fire)", the album takes a dark, ominous turn. There's a distinct sense of foreboding and danger in this second half. It's a very clever arrangement. This album is so flawless, I wouldn't even change the order of tracks!In iTunes, one can rate individual tracks from 0 to 5 stars. This is the ONLY album to which I have given solid five-star ratings. "Little Wonder" and "Telling Lies," being perhaps the least utterly amazing tracks on the album (and ironically, also the first two singles from it), I had initially given four stars each, simply because it felt wrong to say an album is perfect. I finally gave in and gave them five stars as well, because honestly, were I given the option to tell Bowie what to change about those tracks to make them even better, I'd tell him not to change a thing.This really is a perfect album. Whether someone new to it is going to like it or not really depends on their expectations, biases, and so on, moreso than strictly the album itself. But if one can strip away all that baggage and just let the album stand on its own merits, I expect they'll be blown away. To anyone who can do that, I recommend this album most highly.
 B0000AKP2J-55 NEGATIVO  Despite a couple of impressive songs (the energetic &quot;Little Wonder&quot; or &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot;), this Bowie attempt at trying drum n` bass/ trip-hop/ electro territory turns out a bit uneven and not too engaging. It`s a competent and listenable effort, still most of the moments here are just curious yet ultimately forgettable experiments. While it`s not downright bad, it ends up being tiresome and far from gripping. It already souds dated at parts, which doesn`t help, although I can see how it was a breath of fresh air when it came out in the mid-nineties.A decent album, but far from a keeper.
 B0000AKP2J-56 NEUTRO  If I were a cynical little bugger, I might be inclined to say that Earthling finds Bowie in reactionary mode, hopping onto a trend instead of culling one of his own. I am not, however, a cynical little bugger. I fancy myself an open-minded, fair individual who judges things on their actual merit instead of first impressions. Therefore, being the wonderfully insightful person that I am, I am willing to accept that Bowie came about his obsession with the drums-and-bass branch of techno in a less than cynical manner, immersing himself in this style because he genuinely liked it, and not because it was perceived by other critics (much more cynical than myself) as the latest and greatest, bound to be next-big-thing.Needless to say, `drums `n' bass' never was the next big thing. In reality, it barely got off the ground, since it appealed only to club-fiends with dilated pupils, who liked their music to be as underground as possible. That's quite a shame for them, though, because Earthling just might be one of the best drum-and-bass-style techno albums ever made. Unlike the huge majority of artists who dabble in the blips, bleeps and hyperkinetic rhythms that define this style, Bowie does not choose to neglect other more fundamentally sound ingredients, such as a real `song', or a genuine `melody'. In the rush to be the hippest DJ on the block, most purveyors of drums and bass don't even try to create `songs' or melodies, with the end result sounding as though it was created by some kid who forgot to take his Ritalin. Bowie was and always will be primarily a songwriter, and this album is all the richer for it.More than half of Earthling consists of near spastic syncopations, all of which are imaginatively constructed under some very good songs. `Under' is the key word here, since the songs could exist without the production and still sound pretty damn good. The arrangements here are genuinely fun, though, with sounds panning left and right, stopping and starting on the head of a pin, all in service to the song. To hear what this could sound like without the context of a talent like Bowie at the helm, check out just about anything by, say, Aphex Twin. There, the rhythmic skeleton exists for its own sake. Here, Bowie provides meat for the bones, giving you something to hum and think about while contorting yourself. A song like "Little Wonder" is a little wonder of its own devices, as is "Dead Man Walking". The songs that aren't so kinetically inclined are just as interesting; "I'm Afraid of Americans" is a humorous depiction of paranoia, with Bowie recoiling from a culture that inspires instant gratification and consumerism (as well as a free pass to the next big thing). Of course, Bowie's tongue is buried deep in his cheek here, especially considering that he remains one of the best purveyors of contemporary culture that we have. God bless him. A- Tom Ryan
 B0000AKP2J-57 POSITIVO  David Bowie-Earthling ***1/2Is it worth owning? Well yes...but only for the simple fact that all Bowies work is worth owning. Bowie's willingness to try anything once is commendable, and his knack for creating new genres of music and latching on to new ones as they pop up is merritt worthy. Not when he tries to cram it all into one album, or even song as he does sometimes here on Earthling. While this album did bring a lot of what Prodigy and Nine Inch Nails did to the mainstream (mainly the latter) this was not his best attempt at industrial and trip-hop or house or whatever you want to call it. The bottom line is that almost everything on this album, he did better somewhere else. With a few exceptions of course.'Little Wonder' despite the repeat of the title over, and over again is a surprisingly great opener. The electro background makes for a great canvas for Bowies vocals. 'Looking For Satellites' works better than it should. The guitar work rivals that of Robert Fripps in the 1970's. The theme behind the lyrics is also one of his strongest. 'Battle For Britain' is brilliant, simply put. 'Im Afraid Of Americans' the big hit single is one of Bowies all time greats, no question about it. The same can be said for 'Dead Man Walking' which might be Bowies strongest release since 'Fashion.' The rest of the album however is below the radar so to speak. It is hardly listenable. And what works perfect on the rest of the albums fails on all the remaining tracks.Erathiling is not Bowies best album, and it isn't even in his top ten but it has enough not worthy tracks to make it worth owning. More than that I will go so far as to say two of his all time best songs can be found here making this release essential, minus it's low rating if you can believe it.
 B0000AKP2J-58 POSITIVO  While many might scoff at this album and its production, I happen to be smitten by "Earthling." Maybe it's the insistence associated with the whole drum-and-bass thing, or perhaps it's the catchy nature of the tracks, but this album is by far one of my favourite late-period Bowie releases. Unlike the bloated "1.Outside", this is a lean, mean and aggressive little album. Despite placing a now-exhausted techno approach at the forefront of the mix, "Earthling" succeeds showing us a re-invigorated Bowie. And while he's got the irksome noisenik Reeves Gabrels on guitar duty, the music is still surprisingly tasteful. Below are my impressions of the original release's 9 songs:1. Little Wonder- Boy, what a way to kick off an album! Standard jungle clitter-clatter plus gee-tar noise, meshed with jazzy piano, makes for a great song. The lyrics are good fun and are eminently memorable. The midsection is a bit cluttered and pointless, but that's forgivable. "Little Wonder" is the first of many outstanding songs on the album, and it will likely become one of your favourite Bowie numbers.2. Looking for Satellites- A goofy and ultimately pointless track. The lyrics themselves bear little connection to anything. It's literally Bowie listing things in a chant-like sort of manner. This track is not as propulsive as its predecessor, and it feel like a tedious plodder in comparison. There are some goofy spacey sounds throughout, and there's that fabled Reeves Gabrels guitar solo that's ultimately does nothing. That should have been obvious, given that we're talking about Gabrels. Irritating, and submerged in the mix. A waste of a track, as far as I can see.3. The Letter (The Battle of Britain)- The album's tempo picks up on here, and the song itself keeps you hooked. Sparse guitar crunchiness adds to the drum and bass fun. Following the verses, the chorus finally strikes: "Don't you let my letter get you down!" followed by an echoey "Don't you, don't you, don't you". Suddenly, all we hear is Bowie and some dentist drill ambiance. The track picks up slowly and is soon back on track. But we then get derailed by a random out-of-tune show tune piano. Gotta love that old tyme jazzy interlude. That stops and we get more techno blipping. Echoey vocals follow and the track kicks into high gear once more. A rousing number that ends up being one of the album's many highlights.4. Seven Years in Tibet- The album slows down again and we get some bizarre mix between slow jazz, looney toon animation and a dash of Reeves Gabrels feedback. Bowie's vocals begin softly, and then the LOUD dynamic kicks in. Good stuff. Unfortunately, the song rambles on for 6:21 and feels overlong.5. Dead Man Walking- At first, this song didn't make that much of an impact on me. Upon further listening, I've noted that this song is more an upbeat techno song than a drum and bass track. The four on the floor beat keeps your head a-boppin', and the chorus will stay in your head. The sound effects are more prevalent than Gabrels noise, too. A nice and unexpected jazzy piano outro closes the song. Many I've spoken with hold this track in high regard, and I'm inclined to agree.6. Telling Lies- The skittering beats are back, as is Reeves. The track is definitely on the moody side. Overall, the song itself is unremarkable: Bowie intoning "Teee-lling Liies" is the only thing that you might remember once the track is over.7. The Last Thing You Should Do- Nice intro on this: Beats, computerized blips and an ambient synth. The lyrics imply that laughing is the worst possible action. It's a pretty paranoid track, and despite the beauty of its construction, it's not memorable. Oh, and Reeves drops by to throw pointless white noise.8. I'm Afraid of Americans- I'd heard the V1 Radio Edit on "Best of Bowie," and a friend informed me that this version was different. My, how it is. The drums are more subdued, the blipping is more prominent and the infamous chorus sports a different instrumental crunch. If you know the V1 Edit, try this one for size: The disparities between both versions will bring a smile to your face.9. Law (Earthlings on Fire)- The song kicks off with a sample that says "I don't want knowledge: I want certainty!" The beat kicks in, the best way I can describe it is "jungle" meets "space." It's got a heck of a dark mood, but its in your face. Samples abound, as does repetitive intonations by Bowie. It's head-spinning and dynamic and shiver-inducing. A heck of a way to close the album!This album is short and to the point. Few of the songs on here are throwaways and most will burrow themselves deep in your consciousness. However, the heavy use of techno and drum-and-bass textures undermines the potency of many of the songs. Similarly, Reeves Gabrels presence hurts the album. As such, I'm giving this album 4.5 stars.It's not perfect, its not for everyone, but those who approach it with an open mind will instantly fall in love with the tunes and the dynamics of the album.
 B0000AKP2J-59 POSITIVO  This is techno/space/head-banging/emotional stuff all in one package. For the people who have problems with all the Changes Bowie goes through, THAT's Bowie. He is elastic and timeless. His old stuff is still fresh, his new stuff metamorphasizes with him.If you want the same old song and dance, listen to aerosmith.(which i like, btw).
 B0000AKP2J-60 NEUTRO  Earthling was a grammy nominee. When you equate the album with the deivel that usually gets respect at the grammys, it helps my argument that the album really isn't really among Bowie's best work. To me, Earthling hearkens back to the electonica-infused songs like "Loving the Alien" more than it looks foward to the reinvigorated songwriting excellence of an album like Heathen.Earthling's biggest problem is that it seems like more of a showcase for software like Cubase and Soundforge than it does for Bowie's genius. It's really not too much more than a point and click album even when it works well. When you DO get to hear guitar, it is often the gratuitous tasteless solo work that I feel Reeves Gabrels excels at. He is a phenominal guitarist, but he's better off on his own making guitar showcase albums like Satriani and Steve Vai put out.In case you don't know, David Bowie has a uniquely perfected vibratto and a range that no other rock singer has had since Freddie Mercury. Where freddie could reach a higher plateau, bowie can sink octaves below while still being able to climb to a silky smooth high register. You don't get the sense for any of this while listening to Earthling. I'm not saying that the songs aren't adequately sung. They are. They just aren't great showcases for Bowie's talent.Please don't think that I don't like Earthling. If I sound harsh, it is not because I think earthling is a bad album. It really is one of the best of its year. It just isn't the kind of album I like to see bowie doing.Personally, I would recommend the live recording from the BBC theater in 2000. It spans his career and perfectly shows off the greatest voice, and IMO greatest living talent in rock and roll history.
 B0000AKP2J-61 NEUTRO  Earthling is a curious affair. The potential for it to be a great and a very silly record are evident - in equal parts - from the cover, which on the front has the dame defiantly turning his back to audience (something in that maybe? - sadly, no), donning a Ziggy-era union jack-et, and on the back has some Bowie's own, extraordinarily duff Kirlian photography. Oh-oh. This one could go either way...And go either way is exactly what it does. The record itself is a curate's egg. On one hand, the material is a definite step along the long road back to form that Bowie has been travelling ever since Never Let Me Down. On the other, its presentation is so liberally sprayed with misjudgements of the sort that are now part of Bowie territory, that Earthling is the least listenable album he's ever released.Deep, deep down, the songs are surprisingly strong, but you have to burrow a long way through a mire of dreadfully modish arrangement to realise that. Just what Bowie thought he was doing attempting a drum 'n' bass record (remember them? Fashionable in the UK for about six months in 1998) is anyone's guess, but the upshot is half a record of tunes accompanied by a drum machine set to frantic sewing machine mode and sampled squeaks, sequences and squeals of no obvious point. Complete folly. Fiftysomething Bowie himself could never appeal to the frightfully young and hip Drum `N' Bass crowd, so trying to make a record to appeal to them was a little like Cliff Richard trying to write techno (which, he should be noted, he did do).Personnel is, as usual, hit-and-miss: regrettably, regular stooge Reeves Gabrels and his trademark (but to my ears meritless) guitar playing is represented in abundance, but there are some delightful twinkles on the Joanna from Mike Garson which provide occasional cheer. But more than anything else, they make you wish (not for the first time) a new Bowie album had more acoustic instruments, more Mike Garson, and less of the middle-age denial and silly computer equipment. Fortunately, he did get this right on the next album, Hours. But it doesn't make this one any easier to stomach.
 B0000AKP2J-62 NEUTRO  There's nothing really original or inventive about this album and Reeves Gabrels's guitar playing was mixed very loudly, so much so that it nearly drowns out Bowie. It's halfway decent, though and fairly entertaining if you keep an open mind to it. This one is probably best bought used.
 B0000AKP2J-63 NEUTRO  Bowie is trying to bash his wy into being cool. He apparently wants to make something like techno, jungle and industrial, and has a few great Bowie songs, and several horrible songs.This is my least favorite Bowie record, because in the end it just isn't very memorable, except for Telling Lies and I'm Afraid of Americans, allthough other songs are good, this album just isn't as good as Outside, which is a much better album.
 B0000AKP2J-64 POSITIVO  As soon as i found out that nine-inch nails were on tour with David Bowie, I knew that Bowie was going to get better from that experience, and he did. Trent Reznor of nine-inch nails, one of Bowie's biggest fans, turned Bowie on the electronic trip that Reznor was on. That made Bowie a more teen-enfluential singer. He wrote songs with meaning and the music behind it was perfect for grabbing the younger audience. Also, Reznor had released the song &quot;The Perfect Drug&quot; after his tour with Bowie. That song turned out to be one of Reznor's best songs with nine-inch nails. I give Bowie and Reznor much deserving props that they had never recieved. Keep Doin' Whacha Doin' Fellas.
 B0000AKP2J-65 POSITIVO  With Earthling, Bowie continues to slip into trip-hop, much to the chagrin of more established artists of this genre. Although some claimed that Bowie could never pull of a techno album, he's done it fantastically, in his classic Bowie style. He just keeps getting better.
 B0000AKP2J-66 POSITIVO  This cd is turn off his usual style. But I believe all Bowie fans would love it, as well as NIN fans. Most people would enjoy at least most of the songs, even people who don't like most Bowie tracks. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys rock, even the slightest bit.
 B0000AKP2J-67 POSITIVO  This is my all time favorite Cd. David Bowie has got his act together sense a few Cd's I really didn't care for, not including his Outside album. At first look, you'll notice only nine tracks. Trust me, they are not short. Not only that, all of them are good. The album doesn't repeat its self either, every track is diffrent, all of them are great. This album also contains the original version of &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans.&quot; If you love Nine Inch Nails, buy the single. The single also contains a little bit of rapper Ice Cube. The track, &quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot; also has a great single. It contains a Mandrin version of the song. This album has a bit of a dance, or techno, touch to it. When on tour for the album, David played in many dance clubs for the same reason. I recommend you buy it now.
 B0000AKP2J-68 POSITIVO  After 3 months of listening to this album, I have come to the following conclusion: Earthling is one of the best albums this listener's ears have bled to in a long time. I previously wrote a review that the album was too techno for my personal taste, but after hearing Bowie's latest album &quot;Hours...&quot; and realizing a love for two things (#1. The daring experimentation of Bowie's musical styles and Reeves Gabrels' guitar playing, and #2. Good electronica), I would have to say that this is not only one of Bowie's stronger efforts, but one of the best electronic albums to emerge in the '90's. Bowie has taken the styles of Nine Inch Nails, Aphex Twin, Moby, Meat Beat Manifesto, and Bomb the Bass, and mutated it into a hybrid of techno (they seem to be calling it Jungle or drum n' bass, though I fail to understand the real difference) fueled rock n' roll. There are enough loud distorted guitars to make a heavy metal fan happy, and yet the music would not be out of place at a good rave club (look at Chemical Brothers).On to the songs...&quot;Little Wonder&quot;: I always liked this song second to &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans,&quot; mainly because it was the one that most instantly appealed to me. Immediately we have Gabrels' edgy squeaking guitars, a driving beat, with lyrics that seem so random that it could only be Bowie. I fail to see why people disapprove of this as the lead-off single.&quot;Looking for Satellites&quot;: Again, a catchy chorus of random words, with a bit more subdued rhythm that still makes you want to get up and dance. Gabrels' long solo at the end is far more complex than many people realize (he only played on one string at a time for every chord change, until he reached the top string). A strange song at best, but appropriate for the oddness that surrounds Bowie's music, most especially for this album.&quot;Battle for Britain (The Letter)&quot;: Mike Garson's piano on this is as hectic as ever, but it is all the more welcome for it. One would not think that his style of playing would fit a song that hits you with a fast syncopated techno beat and Gabrels' crushing guitar riffs. A great song for dub remixes.&quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot;: This song is the closest you can get on this album to anything resembling classic Bowie. It begins slowly and quietly with an almost jazzy backdrop and a slow dance beat (similar to the one used by NIN on &quot;Closer,&quot; but don't be fooled...it isn't a sample from that song). The song then picks up with a crashing guitars that eventually fade out into a trippy keyboard line. Hypnotizing, though I will admit it is not a song that caught my fancy as immediately as most of the rest of the album. Stripped down, it would not have been out of place on any of Bowie's past albums from the '70's.&quot;Dead Man Walking&quot;: The most raving song on the album in my opinion. The intro keyboard is something you'd expect on an Autechre or Orbital album. It may at this point become evident that Gabrels might have gone overboard with the volume control on his Roland VG-8 soundboard (Check out Guitar Player Magazine's back catalog for the interviews with him and Bowie about this album), but it hardly hurts the appeal of the album (though it may hurt your ears).&quot;Telling Lies&quot;: Without having heard the infamous &quot;original version&quot; that was released exclusively on the internet, and that everyone in the world has heard except for myself, I can't say much about this song other than it is almost a clone of &quot;Battle for Britain (The Letter).&quot; If this song were on another Bowie album, maybe that would have been a bad thing, but here...it somehow seems to fit and retain it's own character.&quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot;: &quot;Haunting&quot; is all I have to say about this song.&quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot;: My favorite song on the album. When I first heard it, it was from the video of the NIN remix version 1, and most people who liked the song were telling me that the NIN remix was far superior. I let them fool me for a long time, for I love NIN, but I love this album version a lot better. Again, there is an earlier version from the &quot;Showgirls&quot; soundtrack that I haven't heard, so...I can't say much more about the song. The lyrics are by far my favorite, and to this day remains my favorite song on the album.&quot;Law (Earthlings on Fire)&quot;: &quot;Trippy&quot; AND &quot;Haunting.&quot; This is a perfect ending for an album that is as erratic as it is good. The opening voice &quot;I don't want knowledge, I want certainty&quot; finally portrays the 1984-ish quality not only of the world we live in now, but also finally gets the message Bowie had been trying to get across to us for 20 years. Granted that message was stolen from Orwell and other pessimistic futurists, but Bowie's message was transmutated into something more positive by daring us to get up and dance. This closing song does just that.Overall, this album has finally grown on me to become one of my favorite albums of all time. I rarely listen to it without going from beginning to end. It has even helped to inspire the sound of the band that I am in myself to the extent that Bowie's experimentation with a genre that &quot;the youngsters seem to have a stranglehold on&quot; (my best impression of a 50-year-old musician who knows he can outdo all of them) is something to behold. And he does outdo them all. Forget NIN, forget Aphex Twin, forget Orbital, this is among the best electronic albums ever made, among the best alternative albums of all time, and one of Bowie's best albums since &quot;Scary Monsters (And Super Creeps).&quot;Dance...dammit...dance!
 B0000AKP2J-69 POSITIVO  Maybe Bowie's most underrated album, and everyone knows that this genius is always under noticed. The man that has brought us such creations as Ziggy Stardust, The White Duke and Aladdin Sane comes to life as an alien creature with a knack for the electronic on &quot;Earthling&quot;. To say that the sounds are out of this world is putting it mildly. It's a blend of big electronic dance, fused with a big rock crunch and not to mention some brilliant songwritings. Basically, it's typical Bowie cleverness with a new big sound that just didn't translate well into the states.The album flows from big drum machine programs to synth booms all over. Every song is uniquely great, but the standouts of the already completely perfect album are &quot;Little Wonder&quot;, &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans&quot;, &quot;The Battle For Britain&quot;, and &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot;. These are my personal favorites of the genius set, but you should choose your own. &quot;Little Wonder&quot; is a terrific trip through synth beats with lovingly odd words in admiration of something/someone Bowie has been enchanted with. &quot;The Battle For Britain&quot; has a very interesting drumbeat that hits in the beginning and flows throughout with near cadet beat. &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans&quot; is cutting edge and simple. It's slower techno beat with extraterrestrial keyboard hits and a drilling sound. Smart messages are conveyed in that track as well as the others, but they could get lost easily in this set which is so dancealbe and fun.This set is Bowie being very cleaver and putting new ideals to work. He uses this big electronic dance sound (which he did help to invent) to get some social commentary across. Bets everything is love in the club, don't you think? The man is great and slowly getting you to think with. Hopefully, this is a chance for people to see yet another side of David's mind in motion. No wonder David is afraid of American mentality, with the fact that they couldn't open their mind to this new experience.
 B0000AKP2J-70 POSITIVO  I was introduced to Bowie from Queen, then NIN, and finally labyrinth. I bought this knowing i loved &quot;I'm afraid of American's&quot; and listening to samples. I absolutely love it. I am now searching for the next DB album to buy. I listened to it at least 10 times straight, which i can't do for even some of my favorite cd's. The bass and rythems are amazing. The lyrics don't seem to be as captivating as on 'hours', but still are great. The songs are amazingly catchy, and i can barely drag myself away from it.This cd instantly became my favorites..... among artists like KoRn, Queen, NIN, Orgy, and Sisters of Mercy. It shows his flexibility ('changes' and 'earthlings on fire' are QUITE contrasting) and talent. I could only wish there were 20 more songs on it!
 B0000AKP2J-71 POSITIVO  His fastest, most hyperactively vibratory album ever released (if you thought the drum machine in &quot;Shining Star (Making My Love)&quot; from NEVER LET ME DOWN was fast, wait until you hear THIS), Bowie proves yet again that the 90s have been every bit as fresh and creative for him as the 70s were. I have heard that this is supposed to be his collaberation with NIN's Trent Reznor...if this is true, Reznor must be using yet another one of his little pseudonyms again...&quot;Reeves Gabrels&quot;? But anyway...if you love quick techodance albums, you'll adore this. Not top ten fluff by any means, however, so no need to worry about another LET'S DANCE disaster. If Reznor is indeed partially at work here, that explains one of the reasons why EARTHLING works so well--Reznor, unlike a ton of his commonday ilk, is an actual songwriter, and (whether his followers admit it or not), his songs aren't really technoindustrial compositions: they're pop songs performed in a technoindustrial style. That makes him the perfect fusion with Bowie's musical chops. Despite the typically dark Bowie lyrics, the music on this one is surprisingly upbeat much of the time, at least to me. Virtually all of the songs are winners, with personal favourites including &quot;Looking for Satellites&quot;, &quot;Battle for Britain&quot;, &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot; (LOVE that guitar on the chorus!!!) and ESPECIALLY &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot;. And how about that horn work in &quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot;? Bowie is still every bit as much of a genius as he always was... and this piece proves it, guaranteed to satisfy even the most stubborn of skeptics.
 B0000AKP2J-72 POSITIVO  whereas &quot;outside&quot; was a collage of art, sex, murder, and more art,sex and murder, &quot;earthling&quot; was more straightforward: hard rock and drum n bass, that's it. while this is an excellent david bowie album, this is a rather so-so electronica album. this is a very refreshing new sound for BOWIE, but for techno and drum-n-bass purists, you might want to look elsewhere.&quot;little wonder&quot;, to me, was a decent song but a bad single, this guy can't pick a single to save his life. but then again, david bowie isn't exactly a &quot;made for radio&quot; artist. he tried that in the early to mid eighties and screwed up big time. &quot;looking for satelites&quot; can get kinda boring after a while, due to his droning of &quot;nowhere/shampoo/tv/boy's own/&quot; over and over again. &quot;battle for britain&quot; would have been an excellent single for this record, and maybe a hit for the radio, (provided the stations quit playing the spice girls for five minutes), but in true bowie fashion, he overlooks it. &quot;7 years in tibet&quot; has it's moments, but isn't quite up to snuff. &quot;dead man walking&quot; is clearly the strongest song on this album, and is gauranteed to get a club jumping. &quot;telling lies&quot; was good but not great. &quot;the last thing you should do&quot; has a killer solo by one of the more underrated guitarists: reeves gabrels. i absolutely HATED &quot;i'm afraid of americans&quot;. this album was flowing quite well until this track, it is little more than an interruption of the flow. but &quot;earthling&quot; picks back up with &quot;law (earthlings on fire)&quot;, which would have also been a great single.i gave the album 4 stars for being a refreshing new work for david bowie, but it didn't get a 5 because this was a rather so-so electronica record. if this work contained just &quot;battle for britain&quot;, &quot;dead man walking&quot;, &quot;law (earthlings on fire)&quot;, &quot;the last thing you should do&quot;, and maybe &quot;telling lies&quot;, this would have been a kick-ass EP, but just like he did with the almost excellent &quot;outside&quot;, he threw in a bunch of detritus along with the gold. maybe next album he might get it right.
 B0000AKP2J-73 NEGATIVO  David Bowie has definately changed, for the worse. Bowie has changed from classic rock to electronica. I am disappointed. Bowie and eletronica do not mix. Maybe I don't like this cd because I'm a fan of David Bowie's old music. So, if you are an old fan, I advise that you do not buy this cd.
 B0000AKP2J-74 POSITIVO  I never heard this album until this year when I started reviewing Bowie's back catalogue. It's a good album and I've played it many times. The drum and bass aspect does sound a little dated, but the songs still flourish. The songs stand the test of time and that's the mark of a true genius who can create music this good well into his career.
 B0000AKP2J-75 POSITIVO  Earthling was released in 1997 and showcases a strong influence of elctronica. Earthling contained such hits as "I'm Afraid of Americans", "Little Wonder" and "Telling Lies" . The cd booklet has Bowie in a union jack inspired coat the rest of the booklet is really od and confusing. In fact I do not know how to explain it. 4/5.
 B0000AKP2J-76 POSITIVO  This was one of those albums I had to listen to several times before I decided whether or not I even liked it. Although already a huge fan of Bowie's earlier work, I found it once again to be a little bit of a transition to acclimate myself to his new experimental stab at techno and industrial. For the record, I'm extremely glad that I gave this album a chance as it is entirely excellent.This album is definitely a departure from the music that Bowie wrote before it, with the possible exception of a handfull of tracks on the gothic &quot;Outside&quot;. In typical Bowie fashion, &quot;Earthling&quot; finds him experimenting with newer musical trends, which he then fuses with his own unique style and lyrics.Although receiving mixed critical reviews, the album offers several great songs. &quot;I'm afraid of americans&quot; was both a radio and MTV hit... quite rare for a 50-something artist. &quot;Little Wonder&quot; gets the album off to a great start, &quot;Satellite&quot; has quirky lyrics, but a great beat, and my personal favorite &quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot; is just plain haunting. Although several tracks are rather lengthy, there's no filler material on this album and the songs are as long as they need to be.One of the biggest complaints I have heard about this album is that it is destined not to age well.... which I personally think is just silly. A great song is a great song, and this album's got 9 of them. Bowie delivers, and fans will not be disappointed.
 B0000AKP2J-77 POSITIVO  Although the 1970s were clearly David Bowie's most fertile period artistically, and a period he will almost certainly never again equal, &quot;Earthling&quot; is Bowie's first offering since his commercial detour in the 80s that gives us a taste of his true talent. Eschewing his pop-ballad crooning, so prevalent in his output over the last two decades, Bowie revives the post-modern, ironic outlook of his best seventies work and sets it to a techno-rock backdrop, mostly to convincing effect. The result is a selection of nine songs of generally high caliber, with a sonic and thematic cohesiveness uncommon in much of Bowie's work. The strongest tracks here (for me, at least) are the opening &quot;Little Wonder,&quot; and the savagely intense &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans,&quot; but there is very little in the way of weak moments on the album.What keeps &quot;Earthling&quot; from being a truly great Bowie album is the sense that Bowie is trying to adapt to an existing musical scene, rather than forging his own trail. Drums-and-bass were cutting edge in 1997, but Bowie certainly did not invent them. In 2003, when the drums-and-bass sound is already passe, the listener can easily get the feeling that Bowie was consciously trying to modernize his sound, rather than coming from a more organic place of inspiration; the effect is timely and ephemeral, rather than timeless and eternal.The dated sound notwithstanding, &quot;Earthling&quot; as a whole holds up surprisingly well. One particular delight is being able to hear the amazing guitar work of Reeves Gabrels in a setting other than the dismal, and inherently limited, Tin Machine. Gabrels's sound meshes perfectly with the techno elements Bowie employs, and the effect is much more vibrant and alive than anything the two of them put forth in that shortlived band.Bowie may never return to the greatness he showed during the 1970s. However, this album shows that he is far from being an aging legend content to rely on his past. &quot;Earthling&quot; is the sound of an artist at work, and a pretty good sound it is at that.Currently, this disc is out of print -- a preposterous turn of events, when you consider the ready availability of Bowie's uninspired 80s albums. Hopefully it will be returned to circulation sometime soon. In the meantime, you should be able to find a decent used copy with a little effort; that's how I got mine.
 B0000AKP2J-78 POSITIVO  By C.S.David Bowie has been a clear cut case and point of an artist who is in the game for the long haul- to make good music and not compromise personal creativity for commercial gain.On "Earthling" he has put forth a collection that is a musical bag of treats.Bowie is backed by a gorgeous group of musicians, headed by co- producer Reeves Gabriel on synths and guitars, Mike Garson on piano, Zach Alford on live drumsand loops, and Gail Ann Dorsey on bass."Little Wonder" is case and point of the ensemble working in striking unison with it's funky, warm, bass- led breakdown and guitar driven quick- tempo version of the same at the latter stages of the track. The approach of using both programmed and live drums in the same arrangement works well on quyite a few numbers here, and Bowie's eccentricity also surfaces on the quirky "Looking For Satellites",where technology beautifully co- exists with crisp guitars, and the politically charged "Seven Years In Tibet", with it's Nine Inch Nails like intro,spooky keyboards that create the feeling the listener is entrapped in a funky haunted house, and the accompanying dark vocals by Bowie,"are you okay you've been shot in the head. Im holding your brains the old lady said"The volume and energy level rise a couple more decibels on "Dead Man Walking",a track mired in a layered wall of bassy,spacey synths,intense tempo breaks, and world- class bass playing from Dorsey, and "The Last Thing You Should Do", where a repeat menu punchy bass-lines and heavy guitars layered beautifully against futuristic synths,exploit the precision with which Bowie and his running mates are able to incorporate all of the weapons effectively.With the exception of "the single "I'm Afraid of Americans" and "Law"(Earthling On Fire) which are a over- produced failures by the slightest of margins, "Earthling" is a near picture perfect portrait of songsIf nothing else,the way this record was mixed where each instrument pushes it's way to the forefront without overwhelming the other, makes a very attractive listening experience, with strong material to match.An album of supreme quality, "Earthling" gets a four star rating.C.S.6-26-03
 B0000AKP2J-79 POSITIVO  David Bowie is a genius, plain and simple. I am a musician that writes electronic industrial music, but likes many different genres of music. This album is an amazing pallete of sound, thought and sound engineering that many artists today simply cannot acheive. When I first bought this album, I had also just purchased ChangesBowie. I was blown away by the imagination that this artist has at 50 years of age!!! It's not too dark or to pop influenced, but brings together so many different styles, it makes my jaw drop. This is the BEST album from Bowie in the 90's!!! Truly, this is ahead of its time and only in the years to come will people see this as mainstream.
 B0000AKP2J-80 POSITIVO  This was one of those albums I had to listen to several times before I decided whether or not I even liked it. Although already a huge fan of Bowie's earlier work, I found it once again to be a little bit of a transition to acclimate myself to his new experimental stab at techno and industrial. For the record, I'm extremely glad that I gave this album a chance as it is entirely excellent.This album is definitely a departure from the music that Bowie wrote before it, with the possible exception of a handfull of tracks on the gothic "Outside". In typical Bowie fashion, "Earthling" finds him experimenting with newer musical trends, which he then fuses with his own unique style and lyrics.Although receiving mixed critical reviews, the album offers several great songs. "I'm afraid of americans" was both a radio and MTV hit... quite rare for a 50-something artist. "Little Wonder" gets the album off to a great start, "Satellite" has quirky lyrics, but a great beat, and my personal favorite "Seven Years in Tibet" is just plain haunting. Although several tracks are rather lengthy, there's no filler material on this album and the songs are as long as they need to be.One of the biggest complaints I have heard about this album is that it is destined not to age well.... which I personally think is just silly. A great song is a great song, and this album's got 9 of them. Bowie delivers, and fans will not be disappointed.
 B0000AKP2J-81 POSITIVO  This album is just one of the greatest masterpieces Bowie has brought to us. For instance, an essential cd.
 B0000AKP2J-82 POSITIVO  This album deserves 5 stars for being such a bold step forward. The techno beats combined with stellar instrumentation (guitar, piano, etc.) are exilerating. The entire album is quite listenable, but the standouts really stand out: "Little Wonder," "Battle for Britain (the Letter)," and "Dead Man Walking." The latter was my anthem for quite a while when I went through a depressed period. The lyrics "and I'm gone/like I'm dancing on angels/and I'm gone/through a crack in the past/like a dead man walking" I used to rejuvenate my outlook and clear my mind of past troubles. Like dying and starting over. Thanks Bowie. Great album.
 B0000AKP2J-83 POSITIVO  I dusted off my copy of Earthling recently to give it a good listen, and surprise, surprise - it was better than I recalled the first time. In fact I thought it was Bowie's best album post Let's Dance. I could actually listen to the whole album the whole way thru without skipping a track.To be honest, I'd become quite disillusioned with David Bowie, one of my music heroes from the 70s and early 80s.Up to this point (1996) - with shades of Tin Machine reflecting his once edgy past and occasional genius emanating from soundtracks and collaborations...it'd been much a spotty period of creation for the Thin White Duke...marked by indulgent musicality - none of which really hit home for me.Earthling puts aside such indulgences. The effort feels and sounds inventive. And it has a groove. Much of it recalls the feel of Bowie's Eno period - with drum and bass thrown in.Little Wonder and Looking for Satellites...one song experience unfolds into the other, which is generally the way a Bowie album should be.Unfortunately, for diehard fans since this effort - it's been hard to discover new music from the man who gave us so much but remains - I feel - in somewhat of an overall creative drought. Shed a tear for the past, but enjoy Earthling with Bowie's music cred intact.
 B00005Y4P5-0 POSITIVO  Im not into soundtracks, only because there are usually only a few good songs &amp; artists on them,, BUT This soundtrack outdoes the others, if your into just a few of these artists you will see how great the others are. I can honestly say when i got this soundtrack it didnt leave my cd player for a good month
 B00005Y4P5-1 POSITIVO  This soundtrack is overall pretty strong, with great songs like Blink 182's &quot;All the Small Things&quot; and &quot;Breathe&quot; by Nickelback mixed in with so-so but still fun songs like the re-mix of Sugar Ray's &quot;Abracadabra.&quot; Uncle Kracker's version of &quot;Time After Time&quot; is nice, as is The Cranberries'&quot;Time is Ticking Out.&quot; The final verdict: a fun CD that's well worth the money.
 B00005Y4P5-2 POSITIVO  I loved uncle krackers time after time remake and blink 182 rules . other trax rocked also if you have a collection of cds add this one to it.
 B00005Y4P5-3 NEUTRO  This isn't a fantastic CD. Most of the songs on it are tolerable-your average rock that you would hear if you switched on the radio. The best track is Blink 182's &quot;All the Small Things&quot;. I also like Uncle Kracker's rendition of &quot;Time After Time&quot;. Also among the better tracks are &quot;Holiday in my Head&quot; and &quot;Never Let You Go&quot;. Make sure you do research on the songs and see if you like them before you buy this CD.
 B00005Y4P5-4 POSITIVO  While the movie was nothing too exciting, the soundtrack is a different story. Here's a track by track review.1.Holiday In My Head=4/5=Great opener for the disc. One of my favorite Smash Mouth songs.2.Abracadabra=2/5=A little too boy bandy for my taste. But I have heard worse.3.A Song for Everyone=4/5=One of the better songs on the CD. Although a couple lesser songs on the disc sound like this, this is the...um...second best punk song.4.Time After Time=1/5=I'm probably not one to judge this song, because I hate Uncle Kracker, but I dispise this tune.5.Never Let You Go=4/5=Chances are, you've heard this tune on the radio. Great song. I gotta check out some Third Eye Blind CDs.6.All the Small Things=5/5=By FAR the best song on the CD. I LOVE this song!!!7.Breathe=5/5=The second best song on the CD. I really like Nickelback though, so that might be why I like it so much.8.The Minute I Met You=4/5=The fourth best song on the CD. Really good...if you like punk rock.9.The Worst Day Ever=3/5=Decent punk.10.Bohemian Like You=4/5=The third best song on the soundtrack. You've probably heard the rythym before.11.Quicksand=2/5=I hate Lit. They're wanna-bes. This song kinda sucks.12.Space to Share=2/5=Ehhhh...boring.13.Know my Name=1/5=Hip Hop sucks.14.Lil' J=4/5=I wish I could hate this song. But I don't. I like it. DANG!15.Time Is Ticking Out=4/5=A nice calm ending to hyper-active CD. What an appropiate song for the movie.
 B00005Y4P5-5 POSITIVO  I loved uncle krackers time after time remake and blink 182 rules . other trax rocked also if you have a collection of cds add this one to it.
 B00005Y4P5-6 NEUTRO  I don't know about any of the other songs on the album, but "Know My Name" by Kool Keith is real tight. It is kind of funny to see underground rap. . .psycho overlord Keith on a CD full of pop. Especially when you consider how childish and stupid the movie looked.
 B00008G30Y-0 POSITIVO  The heavy salsa rythmn is inspiring and you automatically feel like dancing. There are songs on this album that I am familar with from dance classes and from hitting the popular salsa joints. If you're really into salsa, this album is for you. The drums, the whitsles, the rythmn, it's just great!!!!
 B00008G30Y-1 POSITIVO  As my wife said, you can lose calories just listening to this music. It is get up and move around music in pure salsa style. The last two tracks fall flat, but everything up to that point is driving Salsa dance.
 B00008G30Y-2 POSITIVO  Unlike other reviewers, I cannot stand to listen to this Cd anymore. Any time I hear a song from this Cd at the club, I have a strong tendency to roll my eyes. I know, so why 4 stars?Because this Cd is the ultimate party Cd. The ONLY way you could not have heard &quot;Al Son de los Cueros&quot;, &quot;Micaela&quot;, or &quot;El Pito&quot; is if you've been dancing in a cave. They get played in the club all the time, because the tracks are up-tempo, high energy cuts w/catchy melodies and coros that stay in your head for days. Yes indeed, this cd is very infectious. Guaranteed to get a party started......well, unless you've got a lot of folks like me there.In fact a lot of Sonora Carruseles Cds are like this one, so much so that this is the only one I would buy. Unfortunately, they have found a &quot;recipe for success&quot; and are scared to break the mold. Every song comes out blasting at the same break-neck speed from beginning to end, and its usually a cover of someone else's song. It would be nice to see them come out with some original stuff!Anyway, buy it, because everyone needs a copy of this Cd. But be VERY careful about overplaying it.....you'll hate yourself forever if you do!!!
 B00008G30Y-3 POSITIVO  For better or worse my taste in salsa has apparently been shaped by the music played in clubs and sure enough if you go to the clubs, you'll hear these songs over and over and over again. I love them because they have a pronounced beat and are great to dance to. The rhythm and the music moves your body to dance, whether you like it or not. Even those who are new to salsa and are not used to the music and have difficulty hearing the beat and letting their bodies dance will find it easy to move and dance with these songs. The music takes over your body, mind and soul, you just surrender and dance!
 B00008G30Y-4 POSITIVO  This is the best salsa CD I have, and I have a lot of salsa CDs! The music is so infectious-it gets under my skin and make me want to turn up the volume and dance around all day! The best part about Sonora Carruseles is the fact that they play authentically, yet they aren't afraid to sneak in their own twists. I absolutely love this CD-it is a MUST HAVE for anyone who is even remotely interested in Latin music and salsa. BUY IT! you won't regret it!
 B00008G30Y-5 POSITIVO  If you love dancing and listening to Salsa music this is the CD for you. Led by one of Colombia's most exciting and talented band leaders, Diego Gale's arrangements of classic tunes will have you both singing along and dancing all night. You may have heard many of these tunes at clubs and always wondered who did it, and now you know. This is a DO NOT HESITATE to buy choice. Highly Reccomended.
 B00008G30Y-6 POSITIVO  If you have been looking for a salsa dance c.d that is full of tracks you often hear in clubs, then this is an absolute must! Unlike many other &quot;salsa dance&quot; c.ds that consist of good music but they dont necessarily drag you out of your chair to dance, I defy anyone to keep still listening to this one. It just gets better and better through each track... Superb!
 B00008G30Y-7 POSITIVO  A real scorcher this one! A great collection of some of Sonora Carruseles' hottest stuff. It may be titled heavy salsa but there is nothing heavy about this CD. Your hear it and your feet lead you to the dancefloor. Fast, bubbly, hot salsa that will pick you up no matter how low you feel. One warning: this cd contains more or less the same tracks as the CD &quot;Al Son De Los Cueros&quot;, just in a different order.
 B00008G30Y-8 POSITIVO  I've been learning Salsa dance for the past year and a half. Naturally, being anxious to buy as many CDs as possible, I've taken chances buying many different &quot;mystery&quot; CDs from different bands/singers. Most of my choices have been decent, but inevitably some bad CDs managed to sneak into my collection. Trust me when I say that this CD is a great choice! My teachers often use songs from this band when conducting lessons here in Tokyo. The students enjoy the music a lot. Another group that I would highly recommend is Grupo Niche, yet another great band from Colombia. Have fun and I'll see you on the dancefloor! :)
 B00008G30Y-9 NEUTRO  Sonora Carruseles is from Colombia. They have a nice heavy salsa sound. I gave this one three stars; I am stingy. Its a good solid CD. I prefer music in the Cuban style, which is why I gave this one the rating I did. But some people primarily into dancing...especially non-Cubans..will probably like this stuff, because its easier for them to find the groove. If you like collecting "tropical" then you should buy this one. If you want some solid dance music, buy it. If you're looking for a masterpiece...keep looking.
 B00008G30Y-10 POSITIVO  Sonora Carruseles delivers this hot spicy CD with heat to spare! If you are one who makes claim to being a Salsa dancer then this CD is a dream come true. You're gonna love this CD!This collection of songs is by far their best work to date.As for production values on this CD? it's top class!. One can easily hear the finerecording and mixing quality that went into the making of this gem of an album!Wow! I'm having trouble keeping still while trying to type this review! I'm listening with cans on!To write this CD review is not only pleasurable, but enjoyable if only I could stay still!"Heavy Salsa", gladly gets a Big Green light. One will never regret owning this rare gem!So, you say you like Hot Sauce?, well here it is at it's finest! Enjoy.PS. This one's gonna make you crank-up the AC!
 B00008G30Y-11 POSITIVO  This is the best salsa cd I have listened to in a while. Every song is awesome and I would recomend it to all salsa dancers as every song makes me want to get up and dance. I especially like 'Al Son De Los Cueros', 'Micaela', 'Ave Maria Lola' and 'El Pito'. Sonora Carruseles is the best. Viva la salsa dura.
 B00008G30Y-12 POSITIVO  I was so impressed how I could find this great salsa CD although I was serching and serching without any result,Amazon.com had it and I bought it and then all my familly are enjoying. This Cd has the best lirics and rhythms than people can't resist to dance again and again thanks to Sonora Carruseles in every party is a must.
 B00008G30Y-13 POSITIVO  This CD has many of the favorite dance hits from the salsa club scene. You'll have your feet tapping along without any trouble. It's always difficult for non-spanish speakers to buy salsa music without knowing what that song they've heard and liked is called. Well worth the purchase.
 B00008G30Y-14 POSITIVO  Beginning w/ Track #1, this recording is an amazing display of cumbia magic. Favorite tracks are 1,2,4 and 7... a must for every salsa/cumbia aficionado. Non-salseros will also enjoy the rhythm, many of my &quot;non slasa&quot; friends who have heard bits and pieces of this CD have really enjoyed it. Colombia has certainly produced some of the great salsa musicians as of late (Joe Arroyo, Grupo Niche, and Sonora Carruseles). This CD is the real thing.
 B00008G30Y-15 POSITIVO  The title of Heavy Salsa will not let you down. It will take you to the times of the "Boogaloo" with two tracks that will make any "salsero" proud of their heritage. The whole CD will make you stand up and move to the rythm of the 1,2,3,4. Just a piece of advice Buy It!
 B00008G30Y-16 POSITIVO  This is the first and only Salsa CD I've ever bought. I got interested in salsa after listening to the salsa music channel. My baby likes being danced to salsa. This CD is so good that not only do I dance my daughter to it, I dance to it on the treadmill, around the living room, everywhere! It's fantastic! I don't know if I'll ever buy another salsa CD. I don't think I need another one - this one satisfies my salsa cravings. There's no way you can listen to this CD without dancing. Easily 5 stars out of 5. Great CD!
 B00008G30Y-17 POSITIVO  oh what can I say after getting hooked on Frankie Ruiz I came across Sonora carruseles's song "Micaela" that got me I had to have the CD so I tracked it down like a good little blood hound and found it after 4 months, I play this on the ride home from work, oh yeah I Salsa behind the Wheel.!
 B00008G30Y-18 POSITIVO  Sonora carruseles are definitely one of my favourite salsa bands and this album is a masterpiece. Just one piece of advice...buy it now! secret salsa sudbury http://www.secretsalsa.co.uk
 B00008G30Y-19 POSITIVO  The first song on the CD is worth the price! I took a chance buying this and have not stopped listening! A must have, even my non-latino friends love this CD. Highly Recomended!
 B00008G30Y-20 POSITIVO  This CD has all my favourites on it. Well worth the price. I never get bored of these salsa tunes.
 B00008G30Y-21 POSITIVO  I like this CD. Some of the songs on it really make you want to move. A good mix of tempos (slow to fast).
 B00008G30Y-22 POSITIVO  I found this CD here after loaning it to never get it back! Family sucks, press play and get the party started!
 B00008G30Y-23 POSITIVO  Hello all -I rate the product and the service; EXCELLENT!!!! I enjoy the music to begin with and was happy to find it so quickly on Amazon who in turn connected me with you.The product is in great condition and sounds great!! Thank you for making yourselves available.East Bay Customer
 B00008G30Y-24 POSITIVO  Here in Miami we dance more to Cuban Salsa (Timba) music, rather than the Salsa Dura style common in other countries like Puerto Rico. Still, this album has been my top choice for grooving ever since I bought it a couple months ago. In fact, I'm here looking to find another album from this orchestra.Another review here said that these songs are all covers of other artists, not original. I don't know. I only recognized one song. I don't know the original artist.
 B00008G30Y-25 POSITIVO  I can't begin to tell you how many CD's I puchased only to find one or two good songs on the entire CD. I did not have that problem with this CD every song was good. It's a winner!
 B00008G30Y-26 POSITIVO  I think that the CD is good but not as being claim, this is not a great CD is just good.I supposed if you are a dancer without style you find this salsa to be in your alley (It's a raja tabla Salsa) just fast, no stepping, no cuts, this Salsa gets old. Salsa is a contrast of masculine and feminine movements and requires a bit slower pace. The Gran Combo pace, now that's High Class Salsa, arroz con habichuela y viandas es lo que hay...
 B00008G30Y-27 POSITIVO  Probably the best salsa CD you'll ever buy. Don't miss on this one.
 B00002EQ6F-0 NEGATIVO  This 6 sided box sounds like fingernails on a black board. This must be some of that new &quot;rock&quot; music. Ive had quite enough honestly, we need to hear more clasic old cowboy songs on the radio.
 B000007NCQ-0 POSITIVO  We already knew that Cornershop represented a unique brew of styles. This single goes two steps further. &quot;Sleep&quot; is remixed in a 1983 New Wave style sure to evoke memories of Thomas Dolby and Falco. Norman Cook's incomparable mix of &quot;Asha&quot; is already world-famous, own it for 10 bucks less than the import.
 B000007NCQ-1 POSITIVO  Cornershop is renouned for their 1997 release &quot;When I was Born for the 7th Time&quot; and with the help of two of Europes most highly honored techno artists, the songs become even better. &quot;Sleep on the left Side&quot; is the classic opening track for the entire album that Cornershop is so famous for. And it is this song that sets us up for the ingenious music of the whole album. The remix by the red-haired DJ of Les Rythems Digital is an enhanced version of this song. But, the best part of the single is that it contains Norman Cookes beautiful remix of &quot;Brimful of Asha&quot;. And you save your money not having to buy the import.
 B000007NCQ-2 POSITIVO  We already knew that Cornershop represented a unique brew of styles. This single goes two steps further. &quot;Sleep&quot; is remixed in a 1983 New Wave style sure to evoke memories of Thomas Dolby and Falco. Norman Cook's incomparable mix of &quot;Asha&quot; is already world-famous, own it for 10 bucks less than the import.
 B000MRP34O-0 POSITIVO  Even here it seems Brad Mehldau can't shake the comparisons with Bill Evans. Yes, the Bill Evans-Marian McPartland encounter is a classic installment of her great show; however, it was recorded toward the end of Evans's life (and while he continued to play brilliantly, he was also a long way from the 1961 Vanguard recordings), while this was recorded near the beginning of Mehldau's career. Mehldau is a gracious guest, and there's some very nice playing here. In particular, "Ron's Place" works very well as a solo piece (he points out that he and the trio had recorded it the week before, and that performance hovers near the margins of this solo rendition--a good thing, I think), and Mehldau follows it with some interesting points related to how he approaches composition. (I was pleased to have my sense of Mehldau's love of melodic "compactness" [his word] corroborated. Compactness remains a hallmark of his compositional style, as "Highway Rider" [the composition itself] illustrates.) Perhaps best of all, though, is his version of "From This Moment On," which opens the show. It represents a fascinating bridge between the trio version he did on _Introducing Brad Mehldau_ and his astonishing solo performance on _Live in Tokyo_; indeed, one can hear him working toward the latter, although the performance here is excellent in its own right.Most (perhaps not all) fans of Brad Mehldau will enjoy this. And it's beautifully recorded, too.
 B000MRP34O-1 NEUTRO  A frankly unexceptional edition of "Piano Jazz" recorded in 1996, its distributor must have reasoned that Brad Mehldau's star has risen sufficiently to warrant release of the date some eleven years later. The best exchanges are those in which both performers' enthusiasms come across as genuinely felt, as expressed in their personal reflections about the music as well as their own music-making. To date, perhaps only two sessions have excelled sufficiently in both areas to merit replaying: Oscar Peterson's and Bill Evans'.Oscar expresses the expected confidence of the heir-(no longer)-apparent to the Tatum throne, gleefully alluding to his prowess and take-no-prisoners approach, then taking off his game face just long enough to share a few of his tricks (e.g. playing the melody in chromatic seconds for extra bite and brilliance); Bill talks about his early struggles as a sideman on wedding gigs and the challenge of playing solo piano, before simultaneously explaining and demonstrating how the forms that shape his constructions derive from a piece's organic shape rather than fakebook sheets with their mechanical, often arbitrary and inaccurate chord sequences. His duet with Marian is the most exciting of any I've heard on "Piano Jazz" because he places her in the maelstrom of his anticipatory phrasing and surging sonorities. Yet though he gives Marian the ride of her life, he keeps it sufficiently within reach to make Marian's excitement palpable when she realizes she's survived the treacherous undertow of Bill's rhythmic-harmonic complexity.The piano sonorities sparkle with delight and gem&uuml;tlikeit on Peterson's date just as they resonate with power, depth and emotion on the Evans' outing. On the present occasion, however, there's not much life or richness in the textures of either pianist's sound or forward motion or energy in the playing.Two minor surprises: Mehldau's writing reveals a mind conversant with theory, aesthetics, and history--no insults intended, but he's as close to an "intellectual" as practically any musician who comes to mind--yet I've never heard so many "yeh's" in response to Marian's admittedly bland and innocuous comments (she may have gone in cautiously, quite sensitive to the presumptive ways of youthful genius). Secondly, I would not have predicted Mehldau would invoke the name of the aforementioned, identity-threatening forebear. Perhaps, in consideration of his elderly host, he was in a forbearing mood himself.In all fairness, with Oscar there was no generation divide and with Bill only a single generation whereas the two generations separating Mehldau from McPartland may have contributed to the deference and respect that rob this exchange of some much needed give and take not to mention vitality. Also, give Mehldau--along with Oscar and Bill, Dave Brubeck and Chic Corea--credit for not being too proud, preoccupied, or parsimonious to accept the invitation. There are several "major"--even popular and financially successful--players who have thus far declined to appear on "Piano Jazz" with its devoted but comparatively small following and even smaller budget.Nevertheless, this is one 30-minute disc you may find not worth the asking price.
 B000CNF4FQ-0 POSITIVO  Albert Ayler's "Spirits Rejoice" represents the first real codification of the sound which he would work in for the next several years-- while "Bells", recorded three months prior began introducing this sound, "Spirits Rejoice", from September of 1965 fully embraces it. Relying on multiple horns and march-like (or gospel-like) melodies, the music is deceptively simple, serving as a launching point for improvisation. The thing that's intriguing is that for pieces that are by-and-large considered difficult, Ayler's melodies are catchy and get stuck in your head, and by and large this is the pinnacle of the direction his career has been heading.Performing exclusively on tenor sax, Ayler is joined by two other horns-- his brother Don on trumpet and alto saxophonist Charles Tyler. Don provides an interesting foil for Albert-- whereas Cherry provided a foil in delicacy to Ayler's aggressiveness and Cherry's predecessor Norman Howard adopted Ayler's wide vibrato, Don pursues an aggressive mode that avoids emulating his brother's vibrato. Tyler, for his part, seems to stick a bit closer to Ayler, providing an additional horn voice, particularly when Ayler cuts loose, holding down the melody. The remainder of the band is bassists Henry Grimes and Gary Peacock (the latter recording with Ayler for the last time) and drummer Sunny Murray. The bassists maintain a dialog with each other, providing a foundation, a countermelody, and almost a pillow to work on-- this role had previously been filled by Murray, who seems now concerned largely will accent and space and almost a direct beat statement rather than pure implication.The pieces are by and large ecstatic-- generally avoiding the lyricism found on earlier records for excited call and response pieces ("Spirits Rejoice", which is almost a carefully constructed variant on "Bells" and the gospel-like theme "Holy Family") or aggressive explosivenes ("D.C" and "Prophet"). On the latter two, Don Ayler in particular solos powerfully and aggressively, managing to step out of the shadow of his brother, even if only briefly. The only cut that breaks this sound is titled on here "Angels" (although previously referred to as "Prophecy"). Featuring Call Cobbs on poorly recorded harpsichord (and with Don Ayler and Charles Tyler laying out), Albert digs in deep in a ballad form and expresses himself in a lyrical manner that belies the usual suspicions that he's incapable of straight playing as he stays pretty far inside on his beautiful soloing.This reissue is newly remastered from the original tapes courtesy of the newly reborn ESP-Disk record label. The new transfer brings out subtlety and detail, particularly in the three part horn harmonies-- on previous issues, Tyler was hard to distinguish in the mix, being able to better hear and understand his role is enormously valuable.Ayler's music is exciting and this is really quite a good example of it, it's not quite the masterpiece some of his earlier work (free jazz summit "Vibrations") is, or quite as good or essential an example as "Live in Greenwich Village", but its really quite a good record. Recommended.
 B000CNF4FQ-1 POSITIVO  "Spirits rejoice" was recorded on September 23, 1965 at Judson Hall in New York. However, it was not a concert recording; instead Judson Hall was rented for this session because of the apparently good or at least interesting acoustics. I have to admit, I am not that impressed with the sound quality on the album, although it was apparently recorded at twice the usual speed to obtain very high fidelty. I have heard that this remastered 2006 ESP release is probably much better, and it is certainly the one to buy. Although the album is relatively similar to "Bells" in feel, not surprising given it was recorded 4 months later and with a very similar group, including Charles Tyler on alto saxophone. However, here Henry Grimes is playing wonderfully free bass and Call Cobbs is featured on harpsicord on the majestic "Angels." The contributions of these musicians clearly provide a developmental linkage between "Bells" and Albert's 1966 and 1967 work.The album starts off with the aptly titled title track, which includes some really high-energy and ecstatic free improvisation. The second track is Holy Family, a short piece with a fast and catchy melody, and this is a pretty straight performance. In fact, you could play this track for your less Aylery friends and they probably would only raise one eyebrow. D.C. is a rather chaotic number that jumps pretty quickly into some earth-shattering improvisation; however, late in the piece there is also an imaginative interchange between Murray and Grimes that lasts for about a minute and a half, which serves to dissipate some of the energy before the theme is restated and the piece comes to an end. This latter segment, with Murray and Grimes engaged in some unconventional talking to each other, has become a real highlight for me on repeated listens. "Angels" is beautiful, as it is on "Live in Greenwich Village." The album concludes with a vibrant and screeching rendition of "Prophet." All in all, this is stuff that will really upset the neighbors - but for those of us with the acquired ears this is as joyous as music gets.
 B000LWDR8E-0 POSITIVO  My kids grew up with the JJB, so I was very happy to find it here to pass along to their kids !! Its a classic.........
 B000003LSI-0 POSITIVO  From what I understand, these tracks are literally the first dub tracks ever created, which is what the other reviewer is talking about. I own the vinyl version of this album and it's fantastic. Between Tubby and Scientist, my turntable can spin all day.
 B000003LSI-1 POSITIVO  By now it has become apparent even to the non-belivers that King Tubby didnt die in that accident in Kingston but rose directly to musical Heaven where he rules to this day as the most influential artist of the new millineum. Where would the Koln or silicon valley &quot;clics&quot; or Luomo be without the King of the original glitch? or for that matter PIL or Moroder or ORB. Minimalism, ambient,IDM - KING TUBBY gave us the blueprint.Even Krautrock and pink floyd got the buzz from Tubby's chalice. This music is now over thirty years old but still sounds like the future, there is no one else even close to the true King.He was doing this when the Rolling Stones were still listening to Chuck Berry! This import CD may be hard to find ( its the first KT I heard years ago) but it doesnt matter get your hands on anything by the KING!
 B00004TKAU-0 POSITIVO  &quot;Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye&quot; is a welcome return to form for Dave Graney. Throughout his 20 year recodring journey he has always challenged the listener as much as himself, and this latest release I suggest is a return to form. Wit, satire and just a real crack at the 'Melbourne Mafia' makes for essential listening. On launch throughout Oz he got rave reviews, Yes the stylist in a blue suit is back. Hell, I love the album. Go get'em Dave!
 B00004NK44-0 POSITIVO  Did anyone in the U.S. other than me buy this album? Seems like not, but it's never too late...and look at all those cheap used copies!Highly recommended for fans of Lloyd Cole, Leonard Cohen, et al.
 B00004NK44-1 POSITIVO  yes, someone else bought this! i picked it up in toronto several years ago and it has withstood the test of time! eighteen years later and this still sounds great - timeless and romantic! an unknown classic.
 B000NA1YOS-0 POSITIVO  While I have never seen him perform, I understand that Elvis Perkins puts on an electrifying show. That said, against my own rules, I got this album because of one song, "While You Were Sleeping". This particular piece starts off as a pleasant lulabye. It builds to an exciting crescendo and then fades back into a sweet serenading lulabye. A sheer delight!Buying a CD because of one number is 95% of the time a mistake for me because usually the one song I enjoy ends up being the only song I enjoy. Like his father, the late Anthony Perkins, Elvis has a certain michevous mirth in his personna. As well, he can seem mystical and somewhat mythical with both his musical personality and his seemingly exotic lyrics. Allof this is apparent on each of the tracks on "Ash Wednesday", as illustrated by the CD's title.
 B000NA1YOS-1 POSITIVO  These guys are great live and I would definitely recommend checking them out. My friends and I were struck at how he seemed to be some Dylan/Neil Young-esque contemporary folk singer. Everyone in the band is great too and and they are touring with a awesome band (Clay your hands say Yeah!)BUY IT and listen
 B000NA1YOS-2 POSITIVO  This is a great CD through and through. Whenever friends are over, I have this on and they all ask who it is right away. Not a bad song on here (OK, so maybe one).
 B000NA1YOS-3 NEUTRO  Elvis Perkins seems to have tried to create an album that everyone would enjoy. It is nice to listen to, has some of the folksy sound and lyrical tricks that Dylan brought in, and has some obvious sixties-inspired pop-songs (May Day). This probably works pretty well for those who enjoy the smooth melodies of contemporaries like Iron & Wine, Bright Eyes, Micah P. Hinson Willy Mason. The studio production clearly does not place Elvis in the lo-fi tradition of others. I am somehow surprised that people who listen to Vic Chesnutt also enjoy Elvis Perkins (as I can see on his profile page on Last.fm). I am tempted to go for two stars here, but decided to give a third for some of the bleaker, melancholy songs on which it is just Elvis and his guitar (with a bit of bass). Those are really quite enjoyable to me. He could do without a band.
 B000NA1YOS-4 NEUTRO  The songs often plod along in mid-tempo malaise. File under other decent songwriters with a so-so voice (see Jay Farrar, Beck, Will Oldham, John Darnielle, Jason Molina...). What Clem Snide might sound like without Eef Barzelay's transcendent voice, or without Conor Oberst's grainy, youthful desire. Notables: "Good Friday," "While You Were Sleeping"
 B000NA1YOS-5 POSITIVO  This is one of the best new cd's I have heard in quite some time! To Elvis, keep using you gift to let it all out!!!Kevin Santa, MI
 B000NA1YOS-6 POSITIVO  It seems impossible for me to come up with one negative thing to say about this album. It is fantastic. I bought it basically on a whim, not knowing who he was aside from a brief interview I read, not hearing but a small clip of his music. I do this sort of thing all the time with varying degrees of success; but sometimes you just get lucky. For me, this isn't just a good cd that I will enjoy from time to time, but rather the kind I will be listening to non-stop for a good couple of months. The melodies are beautiful and the lyrics are intelligent. Though the themes are heavy at times, this is not a bleak album.I hate to compare artists but the Donovan meets Cohen comparison is pretty spot-on with a little Rufus Wainwright and Nick Drake tossed in. But rather than comparing him to David Gray (as the Amazon review did), I would much sooner put him in the Badly Drawn Boy category. Above all though, he is a unique voice and has created a stunning debut album. I would recommend Ash Wednesday to anyone who seeks out great music.Here's to hoping Elvis Perkins will be making great music for years to come.
 B000NA1YOS-7 POSITIVO  This is the most moving music I've heard in a very long time. Brilliant songwriting, heartfelt singing, interesting instrumentation. A feeling of wonder and even joy shines through these songs, despite the underlying sadness. This is an unbeatable combination that engages my deepest feelings. I can't wait for the next Elvis Perkins cd.
 B000NA1YOS-8 POSITIVO  It's hard for me to come up with any words other than "amazing" to describe Elvis Perkins' new release, Ash Wednesday . When I first got my copy, I had to listen to it in it's entirety 3 times in a row. The first time I just listened to the music and how each song flowed together. The second time I payed special attention to the lyrics. The third time was simply because I was smitten and wanted to continue to feel all the feelings it left me with. It takes a special talent to make you feel heartbroken and hopeful all at once. And actually, I have to thank him for that. The subject matter of some of his songs is so deep, it would be easy to turn that into depressing. Instead, there were times amidst the darkness that I felt joyful. Bravo.
 B000NA1YOS-9 POSITIVO  A very impressive album - transcendent music and lyrics on most of the tracks, and the others are solid. My favorite tracks on the album are "While You Were Sleeping", "Moon Woman II", and "Ash Wednesday". It's the type of album that is enjoyable on the first listen, but that gets even better as you listen to it more. I would highly recommend this one.
 B000NA1YOS-10 POSITIVO  Elvis Perkins has accomplished an amazing feat. He made me believe that music can be touching and personal again. I have not heard better written songs since, well, any Bob Dylan song. Now, I'm not saying that I'm ready to put him in the same category as Bob Dylan (Dylan is God). What I am saying is, he could, in the future, possibly be as great as Dylan.This album is as personal as a bunch of songs can be. To fully understand, let me give you a little history on the man.His dad was Academy Award nominee Anothony Perkins (Norman Bates from Psycho). His mom was a photographer named Berry Berenson. His extended family is also quite interesting (I'm not writing a biography here). Anyway, his father died of AIDS in 1992. His mother died in a plane that crashed into the World Trade Center. This is a man with a lot of stuff to write about.Anyway, like I said, I'm not writing his biography here. I'm just saying that this is an amazing album, written by an amazing songwriter with a very sad history. Forget that, though. Forget that his parents died. This album isn't so depressing that you'll call your mom and cry about how much you wish you hadn't forgotten her birthday. It's actually very uplifting.I'm tired of writing. I just hope you give this album a chance.
 B000NA1YOS-11 POSITIVO  We had to wait some time for his debut album that took seven years to perfect, but perfect it he did.The tragic family history - father was PsychoPsycho (Collector's Edition)actor Anthony Perkins, who died of an Aids-related illness in 1992, while his mother died almost a decade later in the 2001 World Trade Center attacks - drapes itself over the songs without sounding too melancholy."While You Were Sleeping" is lullaby loveliness and during "Emile's Vietnam In The Sky" he insists "take better care of your heart".This is the album to do just that and if you don't adore it, you didn't have a heart to start with.Perkins is unwillling to admit his debut album is informed by some tragic pivate pivotal events. 'I don't want anyone to think that the songs are autobiographical,' he told an American journalist in March. This, unquestionably, is disingenuous: quite apart from the title itself - 9/11 was a Tuesday - "Ash Wednesday" is awash with references to loss, whether it's the anguished howl of the title track ('No one will survive Ash Wednesday alive/ No soldier, no lover, no sister, no brother') or the self-explanatory "It's a Sad World After All". "Stay if you want/ There is enough sadness for the both of us", sings Perkins, the soul of a blues crooner circa 1930 encased within the torso of a 31-year-old.It would be perverse to avoid mention of Elvis Perkins's biography, however much the singer/songwriter might protest that it hasn't directly informed thisalbum."Ash Wednesday" is forged from a bleak, brittle desolation that can sometimes make these drowsily atmospheric folky songs feel top-heavy.Still, this unashamed melancholia reaps great rewards on tracks such as "Moon Woman II" and "Emile's Vietnam In The Sky", while unexpected flavours such as the bongos, percussion and fiddles on "All The Night Without Love" and the lovely liquid chords of "The Night And The Liquor" leaven an atmosphere that can verge a bit on the oppressive.
 B000NA1YOS-12 POSITIVO  Elvis Perkins is a agless poet in ugly times. The world needs more of him, but folks like him are few and far between. So get on the bus and give your soul a treat with this album.
 B000NA1YOS-13 POSITIVO  Many things can go wrong with albums from unknown artists. I was not sure what to expect when I bought Elvis Perkin's Ash Wednesday, but I am very glad I bought it! Solid lyrics, solid instrumentation, strong voice, there is not much to lack in Ash Wednesday. With the addition of electric guitar on some tracks, and other instruments, Elvis Perkins really is able to show off his skill. The tracks are anything but boring, but are anything but pop-ish, with the additions of the other instruments. They are simply good. And the lyrics really are just amazing. With his history, being Anthony Perkin's son, and having to deal with a lot of death, from what I've read on him, Elvis Perkin's history makes this albums even more profound.
 B000NA1YOS-14 POSITIVO  Very few albums win me over instantly. After a couple of plays the songs start to catch and become more familiar, and then it becomes something I regularly enjoy. Ash Wednesday, however, won me over the moment that need touched the vinyl.The opening track, 'While You Were Sleeping,' sees instruments such as a double bass, the sweet sounds of Perkins' acoustic guitar, and 'uh oh' sayers. And as the track unfolds you are welcomed with a kettle, moog, harmonica, and more.Perkins' songwriting skills and musicianship are solid through this entire album, making Ash Wednesday a debut album that could be put up against the likes of Damien Rice's O. Elvis Perkins is a must have for any music lover's library.
 B000NA1YOS-15 POSITIVO  Elvis Perkins is something else. I can't wait until he puts out more stuff. I'll buy anything he releases. There is depth, beauty, and profound lyrics on his two CDs thus far. Perkins has been through a lot, and his music shows his talent and maturity. If this is the kind of music my generation is making, then we should count ourselves lucky. Thanks, Elvis.
 B0000014IW-0 POSITIVO  Anybody who owned this original LP and the subsequent shoddy transfers on CD (if you can find them still) can now rest at ease. Finally someone has taken the original LP and released it exactly as it was - complete original Nat Hentoff liner notes - The real cover of the LP, and finally the real title!! But the best news here is the remastering job - An amazing recording to begin with, finally sounds amazing on CD. It's about time! SMOKIN' HOT !!
 B0000014IW-1 POSITIVO  This recording is the ultimate stereophonic recording of the Big Band sound. The sound of the Big Band does not come any better and natural sounding than this recording. All the players are great, in their prime, and were ready to play at the studio in Long Island City, New York. Most importantly and also as great are the arrangements by the late great Neal Hefti. It is a real important message within the sound project when Neal Hefti was involved.
 B0000014IW-2 NEUTRO  Do you dig the Vice Prez Paul Quinichette? Man, to hear him trade choruses with Al Cohn--with the Herd and Tito Puente's latin percussion behind them--let me tell you something: GET THIS CD. And another little bonus--besides the all-star band and the great charts throughout, and the gorgeous acoustic guitar guesting with the Herd--is hearing upstate tenorman Joe Romano here with the Herd.OK, so why just 3 stars? Well, unfortunately a lot of the tracks were mastered from surviving vinyl (you can hear the records' surface noise, and you can hear the crappy process used to try to hide it, albeit only during quiet passages, of which there aren't many, being that this is a powerfully swingin' and hard blowin' HERD). The liner notes boast that this session is restored to it original lustre for this CD. Nope. Not when you can hear the needle grinding on the record's surface during the guitar-big band features, sadly.So, yes, the Everest LP reissues of this stuff through the years were subjected to fake stereo and the shoddy like, which, as I say, remains on many of these CD tracks, as they were recorded from surviving vinyl (presumably the original master tapes no longer exist--and/or Everest had permanently stereo-reverberized the masters...which is probably why the meticulous Japanese companies won't touch these). And that's why this CD, aside from having the original cover art and Hentoff notes, is not all that improved over the Everests, although the overall fidelity and Rick Pantoja's mastering certainly earn 5 stars, especially when you consider there were no master tapes to work with.Mike DiMartino in Rochester, NY, USA.
 B0000014IW-3 NEGATIVO  I've got to tell you when I got this cd I thought it was Tito Puente and Woody Herman and when I listened to it I was disapointed because 6 songs were done by Herman and the 5 were done by Herman and Puente the reason I got it is because I thought the whole album was them together. So I'm sorry that I wasted my money on this album. Don't get this cd.
 B0000894OI-0 POSITIVO  It's amazing to take note of countless Vee Jay CDs and CD boxed sets over the years. There's alot of recycling. Look through your record collection - you might find you already have 60% of the product!Well-selected discs, with well-written liner notes by Billy Vera.A major impetus for me in buying Vee Jay product is the chance of finding even a few seconds of "new" sound by Little Richard, who has a generally impressive catalogue for the label. I was distressed to find that one track, qualified as previously unissued in the USA, was the B-side of a 1965 USA release, that another song was a near-hit with the same substandard fidelity as on the '64 release; it was nice to have the Soul Classic, "I Don't Know What You've Got But It's Got Me" in it's 4:44 glory. But historains and casual fans alike: there's a rarely used alternate take of the song, significantly different, which could have been used in place of the very accessible two tracks mentioned. One more thing on the King: with reports of alternate takes of "Dance What You Wanna", and a never issued track called "Thank You", plus the chance to offer (if available) stereo pressings of even one of those all too well-known remakes, the fan is left, once again...to wonder.That does not degrade the collection over-all. Even LR might say...Oh My Soul! hearing Fred Hughes' [presumptive] reference disc for Bo Diddley's super "Ooh, Baby" from '67, or the Dells' "It's Not Unusual".Of course, the songlist speaks for utself - what a label - providing top-drawer commercial and artistic successes in several genres.Vee Jay is surely one of the foundational labels...but to repeat, check your carousel first.
 B0000060E4-0 POSITIVO  If you've got a love for game shows, then folks, this one is a must buy. My favorite tracks on the CD are Wheel Of Fortune (Heard on TV from 1983 to 1991) and Jeopardy! (1984-1996). For true game show fans, there are themes like Match Game, Password, I'VE GOT A Secret and What's My Line. And don't worry Price Is Right, Family Feud and $100,000 Pyramid fans, the themes of these shows and lesser known shows (GO!, The Wizard of Oddz and Chain Reaction) are all here. With 20 mouthwatering original themes, this is a knockout!
 B0000060E4-1 POSITIVO  You get the big three: Price, Wheel and Jeopardy. Not only that, you get themes from some cult faves, plus, you get to hear Alan Thicke perform one of his many game show themes. Here's hoping Varese Sarabande publishes Volume Two
 B0000060E4-2 NEUTRO  Let's start with a glaring omission: The current release has nineteen tracks, not twenty. The missing track? "Plink, Plank, Plunk!" from "I've Got a Secret". Why? Hardly a secret: on the original album it's credited to Norman Paris, the show's music director in the early sixties. Leroy Anderson's estate must have complained, hence -- nineteen tracks. (If you pine for the song you can find it onThe Leroy Anderson Collection-- inexpensive, and excellent too.)That's not the only problem. This two-disc series suffers fromTeeVeeToonsitis, a disease that causes record producers to use substitutes for the real thing. Remember that fake Andy Griffith theme? Consider "The Newlywed Game". Possibly the version here was used in syndication -- who knows? The ABC original was recorded in stereo for a Decca album by a Tijuana Brass clone called Trumpets Ol&eacute;. "The Dating Game" is a little more complicated but even this didn't require rocket science. Following the original guitar-heavy surf-rock version it was done for television by another TJB clone,The Mariachi Brass(or as IMDB calls it, "The Malachi Brass") featuring the somewhat depleted Chet Baker. Then came an uncredited fifty-second re-recording that was spliced onto the second half of the Mariachi Brass track. The version here seems to be from syndication -- perhaps. Again, why?Which points to another problem: the producers here did the minimum research. A few customers have rightly complained about "The Hollywood Squares" onthe confusingly-named companion disc; it sounds as though it were recorded in a toilet bowl. With a little ingenuity if you surf the Web you can find the song in pretty decent sound -- along with the opening fanfare ("Which starrrrrrrr is it?") and the contestant walk-off. God knows how many cues Score Productions did for "The Price is Right" -- they're there too. Not to mention Robert Cobert's peculiar curtain-up cue for the CBS "To Tell the Truth", or the billboard and ticket plug for the syndicated version, or seven walk-ons from the first "Family Feud" (choose from guitar, fiddle, harmonica and jew's harp), or both Dick Clark "Pyramid" themes, or...get the drift? There was room for far more here, and it was available. Varese could easily have done what Rhino did withall those stock cues for Hanna-Barbera. That would have been terrific. Instead we get two tie-ins to a cable channel.P. S. I posted this on August 25, 2010; it bears a 2007 date thanks to a previous post that never took.
 B0000060E4-3 POSITIVO  If you like GAME SHOWS you wont be able to stop playing this great CD filled with themes from Match Game, Password and many more! Gwt In The Game with this CD from the GAME SHOW experts GAME SHOW NETWORK.
 B0000060E4-4 POSITIVO  Anyone who fondly remembers game shows from the 1970s and 1980s will love this compact disc filled with memories twentyfold. If you come across this CD, buy it! You won't regret it, because each and every theme on this CD is THE classic theme from each respective game show!
 B0000060E4-5 POSITIVO  For anyone like myself who ever spent a good part of their life in front of a television watching contestants compete for cash and prizes, this CD is a winner. However, the best part of this CD is how it goes beyond the better-known game shows to spotlight some obscure ones, like GO and The Wizard of Odds. Perhaps some of those themes could be spotlighted on Jeopardy! as part of an audio daily double!
 B0000060E4-6 POSITIVO  Do you wanna have all those catchy gameshow themes that ya' heard when you were a kid? Are you waiting for them to come out in CD quality?Well your dream CD is already here!This CD is packed with the most hummable, mouth watering game show themes you can find which include, Wheel Of Fortune, Jepardy, Match Game, Password All-Stars, Price is Right and Card Sharks.For guys and gals that watch GSN (including me 'cause I looooooovvvvvveeeeee gameshows) like I watch The Kids choice awards on Nick and Friends.
 B0000060E4-7 POSITIVO  This is an excellent CD for those times when you are at some picnic, party, or cookout where you want to play some games that used to be on TV (now in reruns). I love listening to the Match Game. I volunteer at an assisted living home. I bought one for them. They play "The Price is Right" and now they can play the music in between bids. They love it!
 B0000060E4-8 POSITIVO  it rememinds you of your favorite games it is not as strong as they are on tv but it is a good record for exercise and just to list .And it akes you back to some great songs that I can not find on TV now.
 B0000060E4-9 NEUTRO  This album definitely has novelty value and would be good for a die-hard game show fan, but I can't picture listening to it all the way through for pure entertainment. I also think some of the recordings had poor sound.
 B0000060E4-10 POSITIVO  I love some of these themes.the price is right and family feud are on my ipod right now.the sound is excellent and I recommend this to those of you who love music.
 B0000060E4-11 POSITIVO  This album has some of the best and most notable game show themes ever. Also worth buying is the companion album "The Best of TV Game and Quiz Show Themes", also available through Amazon. You can get them together for the best value.Every track is the original recording. Overall, the sound quality is excellent. The album is well-mixed and well-mastered. I put this on my iPod, and didn't have to change the volume from track to track at all.Most of the tracks are good choices. The GE College Bowl theme is a bit boring, and the clunker of the album is the theme for The Wizard of Odds. Cheesy as they are, I'm still glad they're included.The album has some non-audio weaknesses, however. I wish as much care was taken with the album package. The album design is awful: the cover is terrible, and the inside is clumsily laid-out. The poorly-processed pictures used for most of the themes are not good choices for such a small format (one example is a far-away shot of the entire Match Game panel with host in an inch-high space). The album notes are not well-written and are slightly inaccurate (despite a meticulous list of dates, including which run was on which network). For instance, the notes do not indicate that the theme for The $25,000 Pyramid was a re-recording/re-edit of the theme for The $10,000 Pyramid (aka Tuning Up). (If you have the companion album, you'll see what I mean.) Also, the notes for the Match Game theme says that it featured "a comical moog [sic] synthesizer that seemed to squeal out each time a celebrity panelist name was mentioned". Anyone familiar with 70s music can tell the sound in question is an electric guitar with a wah pedal. And the notes for the Family Feud theme answers the obvious as to why fiddles were used, but never mentions that the music was originally a Showcase cue on The Price Is Right, and that the last few seconds are used, to this day, as the Grand Game cue on the same show.In fact, it's a great addition to a playlist or mix that's oriented to a particular decade. Could you imagine a 70s mix without the Match Game or The Price Is Right themes, or an 80s mix without the Jeopardy or Wheel of Fortune themes?Since there are two albums (this one and the companion album I mentioned), I think it's time for a third, which should include some of the most recent game show hits and older, lesser-known shows.Take the liner notes with a grain of salt, and definitely buy this album!
 B0000060E4-12 POSITIVO  My Brothers are a fan of game Shows. they always like listening to althums like this.Thanks For making it
 B0000060E4-13 POSITIVO  Do you or somebody you love like old and new game shows? Do you watch "Game Show Network" the way some folks watch "Friends"?If so, this cd is perfect for you.This has some of the older themes ("I Got A Secret") as well as newer ones ("The Newlywed Game") and lots inbetween. You'll find much to enjoy if you're a fan of old tv shows and game shows in particular. So if that description fits you or somebody you love, buy it - you'll be the big winner.
 B0000060E4-14 POSITIVO  This CD is excellent! From the spinning wheel opening of Wheel Of Fortune, the electronic opening of Jeopardy, Classics like The Price is Right, Family Feud, The Newlywed Game, and Match Game, To the downright weird, like the Wizard of Odds. This Cd is like taking a trip down memory lane..and the tracks i mentioned are just the tip of the iceburg.
 B0000060E4-15 POSITIVO  The game show junkie obviously must have this disc, but it's also great for the overall TV fan who may not admit to loving the great shows these unforgettable tunes came from. The instantly recoognizable themes from Price, Feud and Pyramid will make the disc worth your money, as will the '70s version of the 'To Tell the Truth' theme (with its bubblegum-pop lyrics and harmonies, it's a treat!).... then when you continue to dig and uncover the chestnuts like the synth-loaded 'Card Sharks', the fight song-styled 'G.E. College Bowl' and the frenetic 'Jackpot!', you'll instantly be back in the '70s. In all, 20 great tracks that will make this a frequent player in your library. Get it.
 B0000060E4-16 POSITIVO  We all LOVE those TV GAME SHOW Themes ...Now GAME SHOW NETWORK gives us this GREAT CD with favorites like &quot;The New 25,000 Pyramid&quot; and the old&quot;Match Game&quot; There's nothing bad to say about this CD except...IT LEAVES YOU WANTING MORE! There are so many GREAT GAME SHOW THEMES out there -enough for second-third and even fourth volume! No TV music collection is complete without this CD! I can not wait for MORE GAME SHOW THEMES!
 B0000060E4-17 POSITIVO  A true game show fan's delight! I am a big fan of these shows and hearing these themes bring back a lot of memories. Some of these are even better than other TV themes. So if you like great music, than you want this compilation of game show themes. I can't wait for the next volume to come out!
 B0000060E4-18 POSITIVO  If you like any game shows, I think that this CD is perfect for you!
 B0000060E4-19 POSITIVO  The majority of the themes featured on this disc are the genuine article: the actual recordings of the main title pieces used for various incarnations of the series indicated. For example, the &quot;To Tell The Truth&quot; theme is from the show's syndicated run (the CBS network version appears on the &quot;Best of TV Quiz &amp; Game Show Themes&quot; CD), and it's authentic. But the Password jingle, while certainly representing the MELODY used on that show's rebirth in the early '70s on ABC's daytime schedule, is definitely NOT the actual recording that was heard on the program. For starters, it's in the wrong key; beyond that, the tempo is far too frisky -- the real deal had the lilt of a samba, played on a marimba. What's on the CD is played allegro, and on a synthesizer (a device that was still in the process of being invented when the series was on the air!) In short, it's a re-creation, and not a very convincing one at that. Alas, perhaps no tapes of the original were available. Beyond this one disappointment, however, the remainder of the cuts live up to their billing.
 B0000060E4-20 POSITIVO  This CD has great themes from the classics...from famous shows like &quot;Wheel Of Fortune&quot; (its &quot;Changing Keys&quot; theme which was used from 1983 to 1991), &quot;Jeopardy&quot; (the theme first used for the Alex Trebek syndicated version...this version was used until around 1996 when it was replaced by a modernized version), and the classic &quot;The Price Is Right&quot; (which has been in use since 1972) to obscure shows like &quot;The Wizard Of Odds&quot; and &quot;Go&quot;. There are also great themes to &quot;Password&quot; (this one from the 1971-1975 ABC version), &quot;The New $25,000 Pyramid&quot;, &quot;Tic Tac Dough&quot; and &quot;The Joker's Wild&quot; (Hal Hidey wrote both these great themes for those 2 great shows), &quot;The Dating Game&quot; and &quot;The Newlywed Game&quot; (both pretty good themes by the creator of those two shows, Chuck Barris), &quot;What's My Line&quot; (the closing theme from 1950 to 1967), &quot;I've Got A Secret&quot; (opening theme from 1952 to 1967), &quot;To Tell The Truth&quot; (opening theme from 1969 to 1978), &quot;G.E. College Bowl&quot; (opening theme from 1959 to 1970), &quot;Match Game&quot; (the 1970s version...Dumb Dora was SO DUMB...), &quot;Family Feud&quot; (opening theme from 1976 to 1985...Survey SAYS this is a great theme), &quot;Card Sharks&quot; (opening theme from 1978 to 1981...this theme was also heard on the short-lived Alex Trebek NBC gameshow &quot;Double Dare&quot;), &quot;Jackpot&quot; (opening theme from 1985 to 1990), and &quot;Chain Reaction&quot; (opening theme which was used on not only the 1980 NBC Bill Cullen run but also the 1986-1991 Geoff Edwards run). A must-have!
 B0000060E4-21 POSITIVO  Any fan of game shows will tell you that the excitement of the game is one of the reasons they watch. But for me, the theme of the show is why I watch. And this CD is chock full of some of the best known themes and shows.1-Wheel Of Fortune: This theme is known by even casual fans of the genre. Merv Griffin did a fine job with this.2-Jeopardy!: This was trivia well before Regis even asked :Is that your final answer?". Well reminisicent of the 1980's, with the synthesizer sound.3-What's My Line?: The original celebrity panel show. The only theme to have been on every episode during its initial run.4-I've Got A Secret: This theme was the first to be utilized. This show was a clone (sort of) of What's My Line?.5-Password: Perhaps the first game show where celebrities HELP the contestants win money instead of preventing them from winning. This theme was from the ABC run.6-To Tell The Truth: This theme was from the second run of the show, starting in 1969. What is unique about this theme is it had something that game show themes didn't have before this: lyrics. It almost sounds like a British invasion hit from that decade.7-Tic Tac Dough: This was from the 1978-86 run of the show. Created by Hal Hidey, the musical genius for Barry & Enright shows of that same era, this had an audience participation feel from even the first show.8-The Joker's Wild: Another Hal Hidey creation. This was a replacement for a revamped version of the first theme used for the show.9-GE College Bowl: This was a way to show off your knowledge and your school spirit at the same time. This theme had a college fight song feel to it.10-The Wizard Of Odds: This theme was from a short run game show, hosted by the king of Jeopardy!, Alex Trebek. It also had lyrics and was written & sung by Alan Thicke, a Canadian-born actor and singer.11-The Dating Game: A Chuck Barris abberition of a game show. The theme was cool, though, had a Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass feel to it.12-The Newlywed Game: Another Chuck Barris abberition. This theme had a Las Vegas feel and so did the set used.13-The $25,000 Pyramid: Perhaps Bob Stewart's greatest game show idea. This theme was written by Bob Cobert and took the timing from the theme used in the 1970's, but added a new key and synthesizers to it.14-The Price Is Right: Even those who aren't game show fans know what this show is. TV's longest running game show in history. This theme was created in 1972 by Robert Israel, who created a lot of themes used by Goodson & Todman shows in the 1970's and has been used ever since on the daytime and several nighttime versions.15-Match Game: IMHO, the greatest theme ever created and certainly the funniest game show in history. Theme was created by Robert Israel.16-Family Feud: This theme sounded like it belonged at a barn dance instead of a game show. But it fit right in with the set. Created by Score Productions.17-Card Sharks: This theme was used originally on a G&T; show called Double Dare (not the Nickelodeon game show). Another creation by Score Productions.18-Jackpot: This theme was used on the version seen on the USA network, but oddly enough was recorded in Canada. Originally used on the NBC show "Shoot For The Stars". Created by Bob Cobert.19-Go: This show was short lived, but the theme had a big feel to it, with a hornlike sound to it. Another Bob Cobert creation.20-Chain Reaction: Yet another Bob Cobert creation. This was used on both the NBC & USA runs. Almost felt like raindrops at some points.Overall, a terrific collection of themes that any game show fan would be proud to own. And anyone who loves TV themes in general would also like this CD.
 B0000060E4-22 POSITIVO  This CD features 20 theme songs from classic (and a few obscure) TV game shows. They managed to find the music from these shows without the announcer's voiceover that you usual here on the shows. The sound is good, although the recordings from the 1950s sound a bit &quot;thin&quot;. The recordings are in mono, with a few exceptions. (The stereo recordings are &quot;Wheel of Fortune&quot;, &quot;Jeopardy!&quot;, &quot;The Dating Game&quot;, &quot;The Newlywed Game&quot; and &quot;Family Feud&quot;.) This CD is a lot of fun. Recommended to game show fans.
 B0000060E4-23 POSITIVO  Game shows, we all loved them and continue to love them to this day . Thanks to this great CD we are able to relive some of the moments through the great themes of the past.Some of the real classics are here. Like the old Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy! themes. Price is Right, Family Fued and Match Game. Every song on here is a classic. Some you may not know to well like Wizard of Odds or Go! but I think the great thing about this CD is that first of all its 20 complete game show themes. Secondly it gives a good taste of all time periods. From the really old What's My Line and Password to some defunct 70s shows to classics that are still on Game Show Network to this day.Any fan of game shows or old tv shows will love to hear the themes on this. Its truly a wonderful idea and I thank Game Show Network for putting this together for the fans.
 B0000060E4-24 POSITIVO  I loved this CD so much! If you watched game shows when you were a child, and you loved the theme music, then you will love this-20 of the best themes from the best game shows, Including Merv Griffin's themes, &quot;Wheel of Fortune (Changing Keys)&quot; and &quot;Jeopardy!&quot;, Hal Hidey's &quot;Joker's Wild&quot; and &quot;Tic Tac Dough,&quot; and Robert Israel's &quot;Family Feud&quot; and &quot;Password.&quot; If there is to be a second volume, among my choices for game show themes would be &quot;Tattletales,&quot; &quot;Press Your Luck,&quot; &quot;Classic Concentration,&quot; &quot;Name That Tune&quot; and &quot;Blockbusters,&quot; among others. This is my belief...at least for now.
 B0000060E4-25 POSITIVO  I haven't gotten this album yet, but I plan to soon! All those classic game show theme songs such as The Price Is Right, Tic Tac Dough, Card Sharks, the high cheesy keyboards of the Jeopardy theme that everybody knows, To Tell the Truth, Family Feud and other shows are on here! I thought for a minute that these songs were like full length pop songs, like what we hear on the radio. But they're very short. I would love to hear an album of all the music they have played on The Price Is Right,because it is superb, ranging from a dance driven sound, to some '70s disco on a few songs, and so forth. They have two or three versions of some of those songs playing on the show. This album justifies why we love game show themes and humming to them.
 B0000060E4-26 POSITIVO  If you are a game show connoisseur, you are going to enjoy this CD immensely. The original themes from the classics really conjure up great memories, indeed. You will be hardpressed to find anything of its kind anywhere else. So, &quot;Come on down!&quot; and Order Your Copy Today!
 B0000060E4-27 POSITIVO  I created a little mock-game show at work and the music was perfect to take it over the top. I recommend this for game show fans or those who have a purpose for the music, like myself. Enjoy!
 B0000060E4-28 NEGATIVO  The tracks on this CD are not labeled correctly. Track four is supposed to be "Password", but is actually the next song listed, "To Tell the Truth". Because "Password" was omitted the song/title shift continues until the 16th song, where things go completely south. There are 20 tracks and 20 songs, but I cannot relate the last four tunes to any of the titles listed on the cd cover.
 B0000060E4-29 POSITIVO  We used this CD for an event where Chuck Woolery was the keynote speaker. Great energy as people registered. A few were singing along. It's short but has all the classics.
 B0000060E4-30 POSITIVO  From early classics to '70s hits, this first collection from The Game Show Network is one to own. Granted, only true game show fanatics will want one. But if you're not a fan, why are you here reading this.For the full treatment of the &quot;Pyramid&quot; theme, check the sister CD &quot;Best of TV Quiz &amp; Game Show Themes.&quot;
 B0000060E4-31 POSITIVO  This CD is the CD to get if you like game shows! It has all the big ones (The Price is Right, Wheel of Fortune, Jeopardy!, To Tell The Truth, Pyramid, and Match Game), plus it has many, many others throughout!
 B0000060E4-32 NEGATIVO  I can only give a mild recommendation for this CD... sure, it's got some themes that are very familiar to a lot of us (good to hear the original &quot;Changing Keys&quot; theme to &quot;Wheel of Fortune&quot; and the words to the 1960s/70s version of To Tell the Truth), but if you are one of those game show mutants like myself, you'll note that there's so many differences among the themes here and the ones we're used to hearing:-- The &quot;Password&quot; theme here comes from the ABC 1971-1974 run, not the swing theme from its CBS heyday or the upbeat version from 1974-1975.-- The &quot;Joker's Wild&quot; theme is only the opening theme looped over and over again.-- The &quot;$25K/$100K Pyramid&quot; theme is way too short - I remember it being much, much longer than the one listed here.-- The &quot;Card Sharks&quot; theme from 1978 is NOT the extended closing theme that I was expecting.You'll like this CD if you're into game shows. However, I suggest you sit tight and get the Volume 2 CD.
 B0000060E4-33 POSITIVO  Great Listening From Past Memories - I highly recommend....
 B0000060E4-34 POSITIVO  This CD rocks! It has mouth watering, hummable themes like Jeopardy! and Wheel of Fortune (Changing Keys). It also has themes from the game show you love like Family Feud (Dawson version). The booklet also gives information about the show's history. I give this CD FIVE STARS.
 B0000060E4-35 POSITIVO  We have used this CD at Saint Cloud State University for several events involving the dorms. We find that it gets students more in the mood to play than top 40 music, cause top 40 stinks! ANYONE in charge of school events thinking to put on a game show should buy this CD!
 B0000060E4-36 POSITIVO  Fastest Shippent ever. Cd In mint condition! EXCELLENT SELLER! THANKS SO MUCH
 B000003LLE-0 POSITIVO  Miguel Villabella (1892-1954), born in the Basque region spent his whole career in France. He possessed a beautiful lyric tenor voice of wide range and no break in any part of his range. He had power and sang with great feeling. His enunciation was faultless. Listen to his recording of the aria "Agnes du paradis" from Gounod's "Mireille" and you'll be won over.
 B000003LLE-1 POSITIVO  Villabella is a Lyric Tenor of an incredible refinement and style. His is one of the most beautiful tenor voices heard. He is THE KING of the mezza-voce, as high to high D, and he doesn't recurs to falsetto as other tenors to create this unique ethereal effect. His voice is lyric, but sounds full and homogemeous throughout his entire range. He's certainly an example for ANY tenor or any singer. This is what SINGING is supposed to be.
 B000069L04-0 POSITIVO  This just happened to be sitting on the &quot;listen here&quot; section of a local CD shop... I turned it on, listened for about 10 minutes, bought it, and couldn't be happier. This is a refreshing mix of... well... good stuff. Tough to describe the music style, something pretty cool tho.
 B000069L04-1 POSITIVO  (3 and a half stars) This album has a little bit of everything, from R&amp;B/Soul to Techno/Dance, with some good rock interspersed liberally throughout. It matches my criteria for a good album, in that it has a decent flow/groove throughout. Though not as good as their last album, this is still a superior effort. Taken individually the songs are well written, with some excellent efforts, Heavy Soup is a great opening track, Motion the 11 is a fun reggae/dance track, and Spectral Mornings is a 14 minute raga that never seems to end (this is a good thing, I didn't want it to). This is a band with a tremendous amount of talent, that is definately worth seriously listening to. That being said, I think sometimes they get a little too caught up in their own brilliance and overstate their point. While I was happy with the length of Spectral Mornings, some of the songs seemed to be quite too long, and little too repetitive.Overall a very ambitous effort, and well executed, but with some flaws that can get slightly annoying. The quality makes up for any shortcomings, and the album holds up after repeated listening.Maybe 3 and three quarters stars
 B000069L04-2 POSITIVO  Tjinder Singh and Ben Ayres deepen their supple grooves as they move closer to mainstream central on Cornershop's fourth release, Handcream for a Generation. Since When I Was Born for the 7th Time was a formal breakthrough and minor hit thanks to "Brimful of Asha", Handcream for a Generation may feel like a retread. Yet after considerations of newness and chronology are taken into account, this latest may prove to be the better collection. They've mastered a dance-collage technique that makes their peers cry (and look like dolts in the process). Their music no longer flaunts but consumes their influences - disco, Bollywood, hard rock, new wave, hip-hop - and makes a better case for a rainbow coalition than previous rhetoric. Having less to say, these 13 tracks just want to get your Paki-black-Jamaican-white [bottom] moving. Cribbed from their Clinton side-project, "people power in the disco hour" remains their statement of fact. That may sound like party-time idealism, but these hedonists know where to find true equality.
 B000069L04-3 NEUTRO  I'm a big fan of cornershops previous two albums-woman's gotta have it and when i was born for the seventh time. I really admired their unique sense of music and blend of hip-hop, rock and indian music toghether. However, handcream for a generation lacks cornershops's previous sound. There seems to be less focus on the music like the long intro track-heavy soup that would have have made a good intro if it wasn't so long. The band some didn't use its creaty and intelligence as much on this album. there are some good songs on the album like London Radar and motion to 11.
 B000069L04-4 POSITIVO  All I can say is they nailed it this time out.I have been a slight fan of these guys for years.I saw them live in 97, and thought they were good-but too many drawn-out sitar/dobro moments.On this new album I dont hear any sitars whatsoever, and it's so refreshing that they almost completely changed their style.I thought for sure they would do the exact same thing.This album seems rooted in the 70's.The first tune seems like a Sly Stone outtake, there is a reggae tune, and a flat-out/no apologies disco song.I normally dont like disco, but it jives with the rest of the album since it's all over the map.There is even a full-fledged rock tune a la Rod Stewart/Faces_(Lessons from Rocky 1-3)A couple techno songs keep it sounding up-to-date.If you want an album that has all kinds of music and sampling....THIS IS 4 U
 B000069L04-5 POSITIVO  Really, there is no better word than funky to describe this album. Being a huge fan of their previous album, When I was Born for the 7th time, I was anxious to try this out. This is absolutely unlike what I had expected.Their latest effort is definitely a departure from their previous downtempo and cheerful sound. I'm happy that after four years they did not try to capitalize on the success of the last album, something I call the Moby - 18 factor.It's great, surprising, refreshing. It sorts of reminds me of the transition for Beck from Mutations to Midnite Vultures. One introspected, downtempo, relaxed, the other more experimental, tongue-in-cheek, and funky.Don't be worried, they did not leave out their trademark indian influences. They just use them in a different way. Not exactly a classic, but certainly a great album. Highly recommended.
 B000069L04-6 POSITIVO  I seriously just up and bought this when I walked into a major record shop who was blasting it on thier "radio station". Heard one song, walked by the booth, went to section BOOM, bought it...it's that easy. Normally when I purchase a CD like this I get about 20% of good material and the rest is [bowel movement]. this however, is 100% of unreal sampling, mixing and about every kind of music fused together perfectly.This being said, I purchaed this beacuse of "Lessons Learned from Rocky I and Rocky II" mostly because I am a huge britpop fan (well, if it's good at any rate) and although there is nop other song on this CD like it, I still highly recommend this. If you are looking fo a britpop flavor throughout then you may be dissapointed but I was happily suprised!I am still 100% pure britpop power but CD's like this sometimes make me stray,
 B000069L04-7 POSITIVO  My my Tjinder & the lads of Cornershop have outdone themselves with "Handcream for a Generation". You have to love the titles of Cornershop's records.With "When I Was Born for the 7th Time" we fans were treated & by that I mean really treated to something very refreshing music has to offer.There were lovely songs such as: "Sleep On The Left Side", "Brimful Of Asha", "We're In Yr Corner", "Good S.", "It's Good To Be On The Road Back Home Again" & many more. Tjinder has a really beautiful voice & really composes his music in a way that complements his voice. This is further proven & demonstrated none other than by the man himself & his crew (Ben Ayres, Anthony Saffery, Nick Simms & Peter Bengry) in the epic new release of "Handcream For A Generation".I'm glad & proud to say that you can buy this bands record/s without listening to it at the record store as you won't be disappointed long after the purchase & long after the disc has stopped playing as the tunes are stuck inside your head ready for repeated listens.What the new album has in store:Lovely intro "Heavy Soup" to kick of the funkiness before we are treated to what is my favorite track on the cd "Staging The Plaguing Of The Raised Platform" (Once again, just all around brilliance here, the guitar is ever so rock n' roll & Tjinder gets kids to sing the chorus which is fantastically done & another thing what an interesting & very catchy name for a song). Then rolls on track 3 which always makes me feel as if I'm in a club. Track 4 the 1st single of the album, while it's not bad I would have gone with "Staging The Plaguing Of The Raised Platform" for the 1st single, then we get more funky tunes such as "WWW", a slice of reggae on "Motion The 11" & a very groovy version of "People Power." After all this we get treated to music that could be classified as world before more funkiness & alas "Spectral Mornings" (got to love the Punjabi folk he implements). Then comes "Slip The Drummer One" which makes one feel they could dance 24/7 & then the outro of "Heavy Soup" to keep the good happy tune vibrations alive as is present all the way through the cd.It will be interesting to see what they do with the follow up to "Handcream".In the next record I would like to hear Tjinder singing more but none the less a top notch effort in all the fun, catchy & quirkiness' is provided for in "Handcream For A Generation" - Get your copy today! ??More C.Shop funky tunes that are avilable on CD's & Singles include:Elivs Sex ChangeHold On It HurtsWoman's Gotta Have ItWhen I Was Born For The 7th TimeHandcream For A GenerationBrimful Of Asha (Norman Cook Remixes)Good Ships / Funky Days Are Back AgainBrimful Of Asha (Easy Winners 1 + 2, Mucho Macho Bolan Boogie Mix)Staging 1 (Green P's)Staging 2 (Straight Aces)Lessons Learned From Rocky 1 - 3Jullandar ShereSleep On The Left SideWog RemixesBorn Disco, Died Heavy Metal (Rehoused)
 B000069L04-8 POSITIVO  When Tjinder Singh said he didn't want to rush the follow up to Cornershop's last album &quot;When I Was Born For The 7th Time&quot; it certainly wasn't any sort of understatement. We've been waiting nearly half a decade for this follow up and thankfully the extra time taken in the recording of this c.d. seems to have paid off. There are certain similarties between this c.d. and it's predecessor-they have a pretty distinctive mix of hip-hop beats and funky, fuzzy guitars and most especially Singh's own nondescript, monologue style vocals. There are no outstanding individual tracks like &quot;Brimful Of Asha&quot; or even &quot;Sleep On The Leftside&quot; but what this c.d. has is tracks of far greater consistency then the last one.It all opens with a funky track where an ageing 'soulster' M.C. delivers a preview of the c.d. and where this group are coming from. It's like 70's hardcore soul/funk. Track 2 is the first of many really good tracks. Funky guitar riff plays out in front of a nice rhythm guitar riff, some swirly old fashioned synths, deep bass, all with Singh's inimitable vocal style and then the chorus he gets the backing of a group of kids. Sounds awfully insipid but believe me the overall sound is much cooler then this sounds-hey even Pink Floyd used kids voices effectively! &quot;Music Plus 1&quot; has a real techno feel to it-even though it doesn't thump along at 90 decibels per-hour-it's more like the sounds you'd hear on a Fat Boy Slim c.d. The first major single &quot;Lessons Learned From Rocky 1 To Rocky 3&quot; comes in next-and what a track this is. It traces the demise of rock music between the years of those two films-it's pretty ingenious stuff. The basic muffled guitar riff is straight out of the 70's and the backing singers give it a funky sound. In the year 2,000 they had worked on a c.d. with George Clinton-well his own influence is to be heard all over track 5-oh complete with a really old sounding hammond organ.The style completely changes for the next track-at the first mention of Rasta you sort of know where this one may go-the heavy bass drum and reggae style brass section gives the whole sound of c.d. a nice change of emphasis-and the guest vocalist suits this track perfectly. &quot;People Power&quot; is another outstanding track-it has that rhythm guitar that was to be heard on the original version of &quot;Brimful Of...&quot; -you know it's such a simple song but it's pretty hypnotic and catchy. The first ethnic Indian sounds are to be heard on track 8. Boy will the drumming and rhythm of this track simply blow you away. Once again it's one man and his own P.A. system which is delivered in a mixture of Urdu and English. &quot;The London Radar&quot; is a really funky/disco number-amazing bass and guitar and the overall effects just sound like the last days of disco-all this is played behind the backdrop of people arriving into London by plane. Track 10 is simply amazing-it features Noel Gallagher on guitar and it's the second track to use Indian instruments. The thing is this track lasts for a full 14 minutes but I never grew tired of it for one minute. Firstly the melting pot of various influences makes this sound great. I heard this track being played in a record store recently and immediately heads were weaving and bobbing subconsciously back and forth. Track 11 is a little more of heavy vocoder vocals and a slow deep bass sound of hip-hop. The closing track closes off the c.d. in an almost identical style to the way the c.d. starts. So this concludes a very entertaining 60 minutes of music and a triumphant return for Cornershop!
 B000069L04-9 POSITIVO  No longer embracing the raw, angular post-punk sound with a surprisingly aggressive edge to it, "Handcream For A Generation" has only tenuous roots in Cornershop's first release, "Hold On It Hurts". "Born Disco, Died Heavy Metal" provides Tjinder Singh with part of the blueprint for "Handcream" : revisiting and reimagining the sounds of the 1970's, extending and refining them until they've been swirled into a millenial blend. "Born Disco, Died Heavy Metal"'s punctuated rhythm provides a direct antedcedent for the Bachman Turner Overdrive influenced "Lessons Learned From Rocky One To Rocky Three". Singh is primarily mining a neo-retro disco-rock vein on "Handcream", and contrary to its almost commonplace presence on their debut, the only track sung in his native Punjabi dialect is the epic "Spectral Mornings", the only other song besides "Sounds Super Recordings" to bring native instrumentation to bear on this CD.Reviewers other than myself have commented on the stylistic variation brought to bear on a number of these tracks : "Heavy Soup"'s percolating bassline and swelling horns recall classic funk (though the outro, instrumental version is superior to the one which opens the CD with a spoken-word introduction); "Wogs Will Walk", Singh's centerpiece rap, revolves turntables in a saucy, bouyant, aggressive fashion, while "Slip The Drummer One" adopts a more streamlined, scratching approach; "Sounds Super Recording" dips into a rich, percussive Bhangra format, though the lyrics are delivered in heavily-accented English, followed by "Spectral Mornings", "Handcream's" 14-minute masterpiece, opening with a heavily resonant, almost palpable bassline , punctuated by tablas, and sitar, and moving with a fluid, danceable progression throughout, backed by savory, sinuous guitar line, and totally sold by Singh's rapping in his native dialect. "Staging The Plaguing Of The Raised Platform", an upbeat track, is another post-millennial tune that manages to savor, send-up, and fuse the sound of `70's rock with thoroughly modern production values (and using that children's choir to refrain and reframe the lyrics is a clever touch).Where "Handcream" falls just a little short for me or the more overtly retro-disco numbers, "Music Plus One" and "People Power"; the former almost pulling it off as it mutates into kind of a `house track, the latter, just going through the motions. And speaking of "motion", the only track that really needed to be trimmed from this release is "Motion the 11" , a dub-heavy reggae track seriously out of place here, and execrable in its forced spontaneity.Nevertheless, "Handcream" is an enjoyable listen, and on some tracks, downright riveting. While I wish that Singh hadn't jettisoned Cornershop's post-punk ethos I can remember how excited I was to get my hands on "Hold On..." in '95), there are a few tracks on "Handcream" that I revisit with some frequency, and I can recommend this CD with very little hesitation.
 B000069L04-10 POSITIVO  Can it really be a decade since Brimful Of Asha put Cornershop on Top Of The Pops? And it is a full six years since this, still their most recent album, appeared, though reports would suggest they still possess the people power in the disco hour. Certainly, this album is a bubbling bangle of beats from a band that clearly knows what it's about, and follows a consistent spindly-thread from the opener Heavy Soup, with a guest vocal from funky soul singer Otis Clay, to the bonus track, called Bonus Track.The full versions of the singles Staging and Lessons Learned From Rocky I To Rocky III are here, and possibly the best track is the extended workout Spectral Mornings, which has extra colouration from Noel Gallagher's guitar and sitar from Sheema Mukherjee (from The Imagined Village). This has elements of raga, but elsewhere they touch down on almost every genre making this quite a global excursion, though their punk origins are never far from the surface. The Oasis connection continues with Guigsy's bass on Lessons Learned From Rocky I To Rocky III , which also features strings, a kids' chorus and Doreen Edwards from Distant Cousins.File under: eclectic.
 B000069L04-11 POSITIVO  When I Was Born For the Seventh Time changed the way I thought about music. It opened new worlds to me, changing my musical taste from bubble-gum Oasis style pop to a lover of William Parker, Tortoise, King Tubby, Madlib, Phillip Glass, old funk records and everything else under the sun. It did this by being an easy to understand and at the same time brilliantly innovative and experimental.This album continues Cornershop's fun-loving exploration of musical styles easily, if not as convincingly and movingly as When I Was Born... Surprisingly, since Disco and the Halfway to Discontent, Cornershop have moved from albums whose strengths were the traditiongal songs and whose interesting parts were the instrumental bits to a band whose weak point is song writing. Not that the songs on this are bad by any means. Staging the Plaguing... and Wogs Will Walk are two of the best tradtional songs Cornershop have ever written. However, the purely instrumental parts, such as Slip The Drummer One, Bonus Track, and Heavy Soup manage to outshine the traditional songs in terms of funk, soul, and ingenuity. The last three tracks on this album alone might be the most beautiful musical statement Cornershop has ever made.So, with that in mind, buy this.
 B000069L04-12 POSITIVO  This album probably deserves 5 stars, but I've got to leave room for Cornershop's previous album "When I was Born for the Seventh Time," which was even better. Cornershop is just one of those bands that makes music that sounds like it's in technicolor while everyone else is in monochrome. Their music simply fulfills so many of the functions that music is supposed to fulfill: rhythm, melody, heavyosity, fun, dancing, social criticism etc. This album is a grab bag of danceable R&B, Reggae, Rock, Funk and Disco styles. They succeed brilliantly at each of them. My 15-month-old daughter loves to jump around to it, and I do too. I also love the lyrics, which manage to be silly and moving, sincere and sarcastic all at the same time. Tjinder Singh's voice is a unique carefully annunciated drone. My wife thinks it's sexy, and I can't help but agree. Since I'm a rocker, my favorite songs are "Staging the Plaguing of the Raised Platform," which has an unforgettable guitar hook and a bunch of kids singing the chorus to great effect, and "Spectral Mornings," which is a 15 minute opus of guitars, sitars, drums and tablas. If you read the reviews of this album, nearly everyone has different favorite songs. This is because Cornershop play so many different kinds of music well. By the way the drumming on this album is absolutely phenominal.
 B000069L04-13 NEUTRO  I liked this cd a lot when i first heard it, but gradually mine or its ennui has pared my affection down to two, three or at most four or five songs. Those songs are: Heavy Soup with such slappy bass, Wogs Will Walk has Tjinder Singh sly and laid back in his delivery, the music cobbles together happily, Motion the Eleven has a kind of giddy grope-out to it, Slip the Drummer One with its robotic bandleader doesn't trip itself up, Spectral Mornings is an epic at nearly fifteen minutes, featuring noel gallagher of oasis on guitar, and its various interminglings of sounds and collisions of guitar work, spiralling into more climaxes then anticlimaxes. The rest of the songs after repeated listens seem wash-worn and lacking that first spirited grab.MM,april 24/02
 B000069L04-14 POSITIVO  Cornershop has managed to make a leap forward that's also beautiful and fun. Oh, and ultra-danceable.
 B000069L04-15 POSITIVO  Cornershop has managed to make a leap forward that's also beautiful and fun. Oh, and ultra-danceable.
 B000069L04-16 POSITIVO  This album sounds like the guys from Cornershop incorporated their Cornershop sound with the more electronic sounds they created with the band Clinton to produce a &quot;new&quot; Cornershop sound. (They even re-made the Clinton song &quot;People Power&quot; and funked it up a bit)I like this record. What appeals to me most is the band incorporates a large variety of different sounds and styles from funk and soul to rock, to reggae, to some house and disco. They do a great job of mixing styles from track to track and even within the different songs. The track &quot;Staging The Plaguing Of The Raised Platform&quot; sounds very much like &quot;Brimful of Asha&quot;. The rest of the album is very catchy. Its a very easy, enjoyable listen. This is a record you can get up and dance to or just have playing in the back ground while you relax.My favorite songs are &quot;Motion The 11&quot; which incorporates some great reggae sounds, &quot;Slip the Drummer One&quot;, and the Bonus Track.
 B000069L04-17 NEUTRO  I think this is truly a great album, almost as good as the band Living Syndication.. I found the lyrics on this album to be refreshing yet honest.. something which is hard to find nowadays.. Phenomenal production, and superior to their last album. They really re-defined their sound here..-P
 B000069L04-18 NEUTRO  1. What is the text about? A sort-of, kind-of tribute to African-American musical tradition2. What is good about it? The lyrics are kind of cool; the melodies are catchy.3. What is not so good about it? It seems to me that the album is a retread of other albums that have shown their connection to African-American music. And I can't tell if it's using it as a crutch or a tribute. Whatever it is, it's pretty annoying at times.4. Who might like it? It's in some ways a little more listener-friendly than When I Was Born for the 7th Time, and usually that's a good thing. It isn't for me this time, but it probably will be for others. Those wou like Midnite Vultures might like this.5. Personal bias: I really like Cornershop's last album and wanted to like this one more than I do. I don't believe in the concept of selling out.
 B0000006LI-0 POSITIVO  Recorded in 1992, when she was in her mid-sixties, this is an album Rosemary Clooney fans will love. Her voice is much deeper than it was when she was younger, and there is sometimes a little quaver in the voice when she holds a note, but she more than compensates for these changes through her delivery and her diction, giving real meaning to the words of songs that are, by now, familiar. Choosing to "narrate" her songs, she also avoids the need to hold long notes, and since virtually all the songs here are swing songs, and not ballads, she can allow the finger-popping rhythm and tempo to dominate.Several of the songs pay homage to early stars-"Gee, Baby, Ain't I Good to You," is a Nat King Cole song, as is "Route 66." "As Long as I Live," is Lena Horne's, and "May I Come In" is Blossom Dearie's. But here, they all belong to Rosie and her very talented band. Though Rosie begins each number, she yields to long solos by her musicians on virtually every track: Bucky Pizzarelli on guitar, David Finck on bass, Warren Vache on a soaring cornet, Scott Hamilton on tenor sax, and John Oddo on piano. The brushwork of Joe Cocuzzo on drums is a significant feature on nearly every track.On "Route 66" Rosie cedes the limelight for almost the entire song, with sax and cornet alternating solos and then echoing each other, before the other musicians take their turns and Rosie "mops up." "It's Only a Paper Moon," introduces John Pizzarelli, Bucky's son, who duets with Rosie, a fascinating listening experience, since his timbre is so close to her own in the low range that it's sometimes hard to tell which one is singing. "I Get Along Without You Very Well" is a favorite, as Rosie has a dialogue with the cornet of Warren Vache. A sax solo by Scott Hamilton is another special feature of this song."We'll Be Together Again" is my favorite, with a lovely piano introduction by John Oddo, and a slow ballad tempo for Rosie at the outset. The pace picks up with a soaring cornet solo, soon joined by other instruments, as Rosie and her band compliment each other and give new meaning to the words. A consummate professional who knows when to shine and when to yield, Rosie has created a terrific album which is a whole-group effort. Mary Whipple
 B0000006LI-1 POSITIVO  I do. This is a great CD. At first, I was slightly disappointed that I didn't recognize too many of the songs. But I have learned to love them all. It is a shame that she didn't the get airplay she so richly deserved on these later recordings. This CD is well arranged, majestically styled, and sung with the phrasing and emotion that only Rosemary could do!
 B0000006LI-2 POSITIVO  Listen to any of these songs, say the title track. Notice how well Rosemary handles the demands of the lyric, which tells a wry story, and keeps the music flowing. We know she can sing; what this album of mostly slow and medium-tempo songs demonstrates is that she can phrase, too. Really well.And the music is superb from the backup group, which includes Bucky Pizzarelli on guitar and John Oddo (who also did the instrumental arranging) on piano. These treatments are relaxed and lightly jazzy; sometimes it is just the singer and one or two instruments, but even when all (six!) instruments join in, the songs keep a sound as intimate as from the front table of a small club. This is music for Manhattan, not Las Vegas.
 B0000006LI-3 POSITIVO  New York has always been magical for Rosie, so it's no surprise that this album's title is - &quot;DO YOU MISS NEW YORK?&quot;, the West-Coast can talk about their film business, but if you make it in New York, every other place in the world accepts you.Singing with maturity and a lifetime of experience with talented musicians backing her up - John Oddo (piano), Scott Hamilton (sax), Warren Vache' (cornet), Bucky Pizzarelli (guitar), David Finck (bass), Joe Cocuzzo (drums) her 17th album for Concord - has certainly enriched her singing.A few highlights - &quot;AS LONG AS I LIVE&quot; a Harold Arlen tune, with a note from the composer about the &quot;girl singer&quot; interpretation of his compositions read &quot;you're exquisite&quot;, and we fully agree with that statement...&quot;A BEAUTIFUL FRIENDSHIP&quot; and &quot;I WISH YOU LOVE&quot; with guitar accompaniment, sung simply and tenderly...&quot;IT'S ONLY A PAPER MOON&quot; with the up-coming John Pizzarelli in a duet with Rosie, great guitar also by John...&quot;I AIN'T GOT NOTHIN' BUT THE BLUES&quot; this Duke Ellington classic, sung with plenty of heart and a real-low-down arrangement, and Rosie in top form.Concord Jazz and Rosie have become a permanent part of our lives, this album makes it all so clear, we will never get enough of America's original music - &quot;Jazz&quot; and our special &quot;girl singer&quot; - Rosemary Clooney!Total Time: 51:45 on 11 Tracks...Concord Jazz CCD-4537...(1993)
 B0000006LI-4 POSITIVO  I had the pleasure of seeing Rosemary Clooney in Boston about 10 years ago. She is timeless. Her singing and music style on this album and others is beyond compare. Enjoy her beautiful voice as well as her dear songs.
 B0000006LI-5 POSITIVO  Wonderful, Lovely, Adorable, Unforgetable, Blessed, Unreplaceble, Iluminated, Golden Bright of an Era, Fine Flower of America! Tony Bennett's Friend! What else can I say?
 B0000006LI-6 POSITIVO  There was/is nobody like Rosemary Clooney. Of her brilliant later releases on Concord Jazz, this one is my favourite. Sound speaks far better than words. Don't talk, just listen.
 B00005UT4E-0 POSITIVO  Those looking for funky breaks need not apply. PFR V.2 is a dance music manifestation of German efficiency and luxury...the BMW 750iL of tech house compilations, if you will. ML manages to keep the overall soundscape very minimal and relaxed while maintaining an ummistakable inertia that keeps your feet stomping and your body grooving. Not for you disco-heads, hard-house freaks, or progressive raver wannabes, this CD is instead quite suitable for techno-heads yearning for a touch of soul; conversely, house listeners on a mission for a scaled-down 4-4 sound with a heavy tech edge will find this joint delightful as well (myself being in the latter group). The mixing is flawless, the track selection is butter, and the production is super clean...
 B00005UT4E-1 POSITIVO  Well, this is German tech-house. What else can I say???Ohh,check out &quot;In Between&quot; by Martin Landsky, as well as, ... the very well kept secret of &quot;Groove Factory&quot;. Enjoy!
 B000027I99-0 POSITIVO  First, I like Li Xiangting and all his guqin CDs including this Chine: L'Art du Qin however, this is not the best CDs of Li Xiangting I think.I agree with Guan Haitao's review. I think Li Xiangting's guqin music touchs people's soul.I totally disagree with stephen c. walker's review. I think this person doesn't understand guqin music and just see some translated guqin books in English and had a bad influce from some non-qin scholars or players but posted some stupid thougts on their web sites and I guess this guy never seen real guqin before. Especially misunderstood the qin string.Moden qin string is not made by steel. It is made by nylon and metal. hope he can find a guqin and play a while they write a responsible review.Linda Lau
 B000027I99-1 POSITIVO  I note that all previous reviewers of this disc have definite views on how this Chinese zither should be played. I have no such claim to expertise. Rather, despite being a world-music fanatic, I have given Chinese music a wide berth, because I've had a visceral aversion to the whining slides I hear from most of the nation's classical or traditional fare.I'm pleased to report that I heard no such whine from this recording and was therefore free to assess it unencumbered. What I heard was some tonally intriguing and emotionally subdued playing that compared favorably to other Asian zither music (Japanese koto, Korean guyaguem) I have in my collection. What I miss here is more rhythmic variety and a more forceful attack. Whether that's a characteristic of the instrument or of Li Xiangting, I'm not in a position to know. I wonder whether what a critical reviewer misses here is that characteristic Chinese whine.
 B000027I99-2 NEGATIVO  I grant that Li Xiangting's playing is extremely accessible to those who are unfamiliar to qin music and often find qin music by other players such as the old masters boring and uninteresting. Certainly, Li has a substantial following of students and listeners, but his playing caters to the external ignoring the deeply internal aspect of the qin music of the old masters. Chinese classical music is not based merely on melodic and rhythmic patterns, but on the deep dynamic structure. The resonance of each note and the subtle contours and convolutions of sound and harmonics are what gives this music its character, but this non-obvious characteristic of the music does not appeal to most people. In the style of the old masters, the emotion exists not on the surface but at a deeper level of the music, and the latter is indescribably more genuine than the former. Li Xiangting may sound passionate, but if one tries to take in the music deeply and fully, one will discover that his playing is void of genuine emotion. Li Xiangting, like many other qin players of the twentieth century, has subordinated traditional aesthetics to drive and vigor. There are a few masters today whose playing still has that profound emotional quality, but Li Xiangting is not one of them. His music is little more than a fireworks display that catches the ear, and may even quicken the heart, but fails to penetrate any deeper.
 B000027I99-3 POSITIVO  I have been a guqin fan for 15 years and play guqin for 10 years.I have a large guqin CD collection.Amount my 70 guqin CDs which produced China and oversea china, this CD is one of my favoriate CD.Li Xiangting is one of my favoriate guqin masters.All the pieces are tranditional pieces. From his playing, you can find he mastered the tranditional styles of Guan Pinghu school, Wu Jinglue and Zha Fuxi and also have his difinetion on it.It is not he try to reach wide audiance. The reason he becomes one of the best living qin players, people moved by his music. I attended his serveral concerts, many people were crying while listening his music in person. Are those people all stupid? Don't unerstand qin music?I think it is add, some people who know a little guqin and want to keep guqin in a small circle to show how they are special. That is very stupid.Masters are masters, the history will tell.I belive that not just one or two people who assum they really understand qin music.
 B000027I99-4 NEGATIVO  I am a guqin player myself and I am a bit disappointed with this CD. It appeared to me that it might be one of Mr. Li's early productions. The finger techniques, the excessive heavy touch on the strings, the unwanted metallic string echos, and the qin sound quality. None of it is up to his current level. Some of his other CDs are much better than this one. I enjoy Mr. Li's concert - his left hand movement is very mature,smooth, and impeccable. His right hand (finger flickings) is still a bit FORTE. The majority of guqin songs/music are for express yearning and to convey emotion and inspiration. If guqin music is delivered forte, it might not be able to convey and express the balance of ancient Chinese Philosophy - everything in balance and median, not too Yin (soft) or too Yang (hard). There is another well known profound guqin player in US, Mr. Wu Ziying. I have one of his CDs - I enjoy it very much.I am going to request Amazon.com to carry Mr. Wu ZiYing's CD.
 B000027I99-5 POSITIVO  First, I like Li Xiangting and all his guqin CDs including this Chine: L'Art du Qin however, this is not the best CDs of Li Xiangting I think.I agree with Guan Haitao's review. I think Li Xiangting's guqin music touchs people's soul.I totally disagree with stephen c. walker's review. I think this person doesn't understand guqin music and just see some translated guqin books in English and had a bad influce from some non-qin scholars or players but posted some stupid thougts on their web sites and I guess this guy never seen real guqin before. Especially misunderstood the qin string.Moden qin string is not made by steel. It is made by nylon and metal. hope he can find a guqin and play a while they write a responsible review.Linda Lau
 B000027I99-6 POSITIVO  i think it's more important to understand the Chinese' music with their proprieties and psychical things than only listenning the music.for people who play the Gu Qin in acient times, fame is not even a word for them. and you should know the story of &quot;Gao Shan Liu Shui&quot;. Yu Bo Ya has broken the guqin for his best understanding friend...and the Guqin is not only broken for friendship, is also broken for the sinking world.so, do not argue anymore, as the real master never appears in front of us who are infectant by the Commercial thought...they are in the moutains, only play for sky and birds.to refine our hearts,and then we are able to hear the real music ...no other ways...
 B000068ZVC-0 POSITIVO  I wasn't hip to Grant Green Jr. until I happened to be listening to the cable tv smoothe jazz station. I was in another room and heard the smoothe but extremely funky tune "Can You Feel It". I had to stop what I was doing and see who's playing. This is a definite head bop song. I immediately went online and purchased the cd. The cd's tracks are all unique in their own way, from new school jazz to traditional. This was a great find that's been riding low under the radar of a serious music fan.
 B000068ZVC-1 POSITIVO  This composition will knock your socks off. Superb musicianship demonstrated by this young man.
 B000068ZVC-2 POSITIVO  The CD (used) was like new and plays without any skips, pauses - actually flawless. It was shipped as promised in just a few days. I would recommend this seller.
 B000006K4I-0 POSITIVO  I actually didn't buy this here, I got the exact same album on iTunes. I don't know why this, Heat Wave, Dance Party, or other Martha/Vandella albums on CD are out of print! Here, Martha has excellent remakes of Can't get used to losing you, and many other greats. If you are a rare motown collector like me, THIS IS FOR YOU!!! Buy this, even if it is used. It is a great album by a great group!!!
 B000006K4I-1 POSITIVO  It was their first release and contained their first hit, &#34;Come and Get These Memories&#34;. The hits continued on after that.
 B000006K4I-2 POSITIVO  This was Martha's first lp and to me her best.Come and get these memories was always my fav single byMartha and the Vandellas next to My baby loves me.The out standing tracks are ' To think You'd hurt me',a track in the same vain as Love makes me do foolish things.Jealous lover, a love like yours don't come knocking,also the original version of Smokey's Give him up.I can't leave out her version of Little Anthony'sTears on my pillow. A must have for Fans of this group.
 B000006K4I-3 POSITIVO  I have reviewed this album and glad to do it again.This is an excellent album." Come and Get These Memories "" Moments to Remember "" This Why I Need You the Most "These are gems. I turned the volume up on these numbers.Matter of fact, all of the tracks on this album are worth listening to over and over and over.You will not be disappointed !!
 B0000C906F-0 NEGATIVO  Metallica have been sounding a little old and tired live lately. To me, they sound like they're just going through the motions, but in all honesty can you blame them? After selling a kagillion records and making ten bazillion dollars what else is left for them to do but churn out more tosh for the legions of diehard fans to shell out their hard-earned dollar on.Blackened contains none of the fire and righteous anger from its halcyon days. Lars' drums that once pounded through the very gates of hell themselves now sound like an old organ grinder's monkey slamming on a cake tin. The vocals from the new boy Rob are weak and unispired and James himself forgets the lyrics in places. The mixing is poor and the production overall sounds like a mediocre fan recording. Fact is - I've heard better sounding bootlegs than this.Harvester of sorrow? Come on guys, I mean how many more times are you gonna commit this to tape? Surely you could have given us something a little more interesting to listen to. How about a live version of Crash Course In Brain Surgery or Ride The Lightning or even (in keeping with the "...And Justice For All" theme) a ripping version of Shortest Straw?The only redeeming factor to this CD is the enhanced video of the title track. The video is pretty good, your typical alcohol and sex fuelled drug binge ending with the obligatory car crash.If not for this redeeming factor I would have been forced to give this CD the lowly rating of 1.
 B0000C906F-1 POSITIVO  If you have no access to downloading music and you want some great Metallica then by all means buy this album. It's got a great song and two great live tracks. But for 12 dollars which is the price of one album I'd want a lot more. I agree with the other reviewers in that we can only see so many versions of Blackened and Harvestor of Sorrow. I have a bunch of Metallica bootlegs that I got off the interent and almost all of them have these two tracks on it. I have almost no live tracks from St. Anger and it woulda been great to have some on this disc.Tracks:1. Frantic (Original Version)2. Blackened (Live version)3. Harvester of Sorrow (Live Version)4. Frantic (Music Video)It is a good disc but for the price and how easy getting these live tracks I'd say get it if you are a diehard but save your money for a better set.
 B0000C906F-2 POSITIVO  This cd is really a must for true metallica fans!! The 2 live songs are really good! For myself, it's a gift to have Blackened in it's live form from the 2003 tour! Metallica is still a great live band and will be for I hope at least 15 or 20 years!
 B0000C906F-3 POSITIVO  metallica is definitely THE BEST metal band in the world !even jason is missing, they are still at the top. long live !!!!
 B0000C906F-4 POSITIVO  This captures Blackened live. Of course the song is weaker without the backing vocals of Newstead. However, the sound quality is excellent. I thought the version of Harvester was cool but there are a few mistakes in the song but hey we are not perfect and neither is metallica. All in all a worthy buy, but you might want to wait for the more expensive ep that always releases later with all the singles combined on one. I, however, could not wait to get a taste of the &quot;new&quot; Metallica. If you are collecting the live singles this is a great addition to your collection and if you are a die hard fan like I am this has been a long time in the making. Now if only they would put Fight Fire with Fire live as a B-side I could die happy. I HOPE THEY CONTINUE TO PUT OUT THEIR LIVE SONG B-SIDES AS METALLICA IS BETTER LIVE. I trade live recordings with fans, I DO NOT SELL OR TRADE COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL IF INTERESTED IN SELLING OR BUYING I AM NOT INTERESTED. If you want to trade live shows email me at eternalnight@msn.com
 B000A28HKI-0 POSITIVO  Found on XM Channel 15 (Studio 54 Channel)!Good Pop/Dance music for $18/US.Songs on this two-fer are:01. Boogie to the Bop [Remix] (5:50)02. Slidin' to the Music (5:37)03. Can't You Feel It (4:57)04. All Nite That's Right (6:26)05. Love Is a Natural Thing (5:52)06. Fire (4:52)07. Jesus [Remix] (2:44)08. (Dance It) Freestyle Rhythm [Remix] (9:31)09. Midnight Energy [Remix] (5:21)10. Rock It to the Top [Remix] (9:26)**11. I'm So in Love With You (7:37)12. Turn around Boogie Down [Remix] (4:59)** Indicates standout tuneOverall, a great value for the money!Recommended!
 B000A28HKI-1 POSITIVO  excellent collection of this cdfinally I got it on cdall the traxck are perfect for the dance floor.
 B00005V1AZ-0 POSITIVO  I don't own this myself, but I own all his superb albums, and this has nibbles of the best of each. Most SAHB collections I've seen focus on the earlier material, with its cagey vaudevillian charm laced with Harvey's gutteral poetry. Fortunately, the band really took it up a notch with 1975's &quot;Tomorrow Belongs To Me&quot; (its mesmerizing opening cut &quot;Action Strasse&quot; is here) and went on to make some very powerful and enduring original works that straddle the line between punk snarl and theatrical attention to detail. This collection has samples from all eras of this captivating and original band, starting with their very rare 1st lp (&quot;Isobel Goudie&quot;) and culminating with a haunting desert excursion in song &quot;Sirocco&quot;. The live version of &quot;Faith Healer&quot; still gives me chills after all these years, and the best SAHB song (and possibly my favorite of all time!)is here - the title cut from Alex's (mini) rock opera, 1978's &quot;Rock Drill.&quot; I know you probably don't have all of their great albums, so this is by far the best place to start. Vambo Rool, ok?
 B00005V1AZ-1 POSITIVO  An introduction to- well this is a very good one in my opinion. If you are like me, you like Alex but are not sure which CDs to buy I would recommend this. There isn't a bad track but... ah but then maybe there is Alex had some strange choices on his LPs. Alex could really rock and the Sensational Band were excellent, a brilliant foil to Alex's raw vocals. Faith Healer is the killer track the intro is magnificent and is live. I never saw the band in concert, save for the Old Grey Whistle tests, but I imagine from this they were superb. The Tomahawk kid is excellent and really deserves a listen to the lyrics 'hold my hand my captain and we'll.... ET AL' Alex could rock and yet have his tongue firmly in his cheek. This type of humour works much better on tracks like this in a much better way than the, to the virgin (* yes I know the label is Vertigo!)listener on tracks when she hears 'Cheek to cheek' or 'Tomorrow belongs tome'. 'Next' is a challenge but if, like me, you love Alex's style and vocals then this CD is the introduction for you.BUT a word of caution dear reader. Beware, this introduction may just set you on the road to wanting to discover all of Alex's CDs.If it does? Then I really envy you that journey and the pleasure of discovering them for the first time. BUY this Cd you will not regret it!
 B00005V1AZ-2 POSITIVO  There has been a number of SAHB collections released since the late-1970s and this 14-track CD is interesting for five numbers. Isobel Goudie, Gamblin' Bar Room Blues, Sultan's Choice, Sirocco and Mrs. Blackhouse typically aren't found on these albums, with the latter trio from SAHB Stories (1976) and the band's final studio album, Rock Drill (1978).With every SAHB album available - except Fourplay, which was recorded without Harvey - in packages of two albums on two CD's, the measure of these sets is how they break from the norm. By hitting every checkpoint of the group, this is about as good as it gets for one CD.
 B00005V1AZ-3 NEGATIVO  Don't start here if you are a first time buyer. Patchy at best. Sultans Choice, Blackhouse and Sirrocco are hardly great songs.Pick up Next which is brilliant. Not a bad track
 B00080ETRC-0 POSITIVO  Love this album. The beats are great and well done. when i decided to preview them i fell at the song up n coming. so i just hadded to buy the album. but now with the full version its even better. i would recommend this album to all in the world.But whos DJ Curious?need to meet him..!!!
 B00080ETRC-1 NEGATIVO  Moonlight Sonata is a pleasant CD, full of recognizable (for me) pieces. However, in the background of the softer music, crickets are happily adding their contribution. I would hire the Orkin man to rid this CD of these pesky creatures. I assume the effect was supposed to be soothing. For me the opposite happened and the chirping was just plain annoying. If you can put up with the crickets, this is a lovely CD.
 B00008FVIE-0 POSITIVO  What can I say about this single.Great song coming from Naughty's first album.The beat speaks by itself and remind me of the "JUICE" era.Kay Gee defined the sound who paves the way for establishing Naughty as oneof Hip Hop greatest groups.The remixes are good but not better than the album version.If you're a fan you will love.Peace to Kay Gee, Treach and Vinnie.
 B000M06KEI-0 POSITIVO  Yolandita Monge is and will continue being the diva of Puerto Rico and Latin America. Just listen to this cd that have some of her so many hits and you will find out of what I'm talking about.
 B000M06KEI-1 POSITIVO  I enjoy her music. What a better place to find it as Amazon. Where I can always find what I want. Thanks
 B000M06KEI-2 POSITIVO  This CD is a must have for all Carr fans. You simply can't go wrong with songs like, "Y Volvere", "Esos Hombres", "Total", and "Cosas del Amor",just to name a few. I have been playing this CD over and over again ever since I rec'd it. It's the type of music that you never get tired of hearing. You will not regret buying this CD!
 B000M06KEI-3 POSITIVO  For those of you who love Mexican music as much as I do, Ana Gabriel is up there among the best. Give her a try, I'm sure you won't regret it.
 B000M06KEI-4 POSITIVO  This was a gift for my father who loves Vikki Carr. I received the CD promptly, in excellent condition and my Dad has enjoyed listening to it ever since.
 B000M06KEI-5 POSITIVO  I purchased this as a gift to my mother and she just love it, I received it very soon, any problems with this transaction.
 B000065E16-0 POSITIVO  Waht a great talent Don "Sugarcane" Harris was. Too bad he is no longer with us. I first heard him on the Frank Zappa "Hot Rats" album way, way back in the early 70's. Later on I discovered "Don and Dewey", who were two great R&B artists from Pasadena. Later on, I heard Sugarcane's great stuff he recorded with Johnny Otis and John Mayall. This CD, along with "Pure Food and Drug Act", rounds it all out. A couple of the cuts on this CD are a bit weak, but listening to the sweet sounds laid down by Sugarcane makes up for it.
 B000000UFR-0 POSITIVO  I still believe that Carl Schuricht (1880-1967) and Hans Knappertsbusch (1888-1965) were the two greatest conductors of Bruckner's symphonies in the 20th century. Both conductors' expression appears quite different; Schuricht constructs it with clarity and purity in precision and light tempo. On the other hand, Knappertsbusch sounds very slow and often heavy but expressing cosmic scale of Bruckner's music. However, both catch the real spirit of Bruckner. It is very fortunate that we can listen Schuricht's live performance of Bruckner's No. 5 with VPO in such a [inexpensive] price! Of course, this is not a stereo record and the quality of sound is not very good. That is why I would not recommend this CD if you were the beginner of listening to the Bruckner's music. But if you have already listened many and loved his symphony, this Schuricht and VPO `s amazingly passionate and spontaneous live performance will make you forget the recording condition. This is the highest state of art in which Schuricht and VPO reached with free spirit, reflecting the cosmic order and divine presence in Bruckner's symphony.
 B000000UFR-1 POSITIVO  The review below by Mr. Terasawa obviously refers to Carl Schuricht's live Vienna performance (DG). However, the performance on offer here is Otmar Suitner's studio recording. As I wrote elsewhere, Otmar Suitner, overshadowed by his more media-friendly colleagues such as Kurt Masur or Kurt Sanderling, is seriously underrated in English speaking countries. However, he is greatly revered in Japan as he served as a conductor laureate of NHK Symphony Orchestra, Tokyo, for many years.Suitner recorded Anton Bruckner's symphonies (1, 4, 5, 7, and 8) late in his career. Of them this recording of the fifth stands out. Suitner goes from strength to strength here as he draws power and grandeur from his excellent Berlin orchestra. The tempi are brisk - particularly so in the second movement which clocks in just over thirteen minutes. The way he accelerates the tempo toward the end of the first movement is quite thrilling. This is quite a wonderful listen overall and can safely be recommended alongside Wand's latest recording (RCA), Horenstein's live performance (BBC Legends), and Asahina Takashi's live performance with New Japan Philharmonic Orchestra (Fontec).
 B000000UFR-2 POSITIVO  Both reviews above are referring to recordings other than the one offered here. What is offered here is the live Bruckner 5th Symphony taped in the Musikvereinsaal in Vienna with the Wiener Philharmoniker under the direction of Otto Klemperer on June 2, 1968.
 B00002822J-0 NEGATIVO  To summarize, this is a substandard release of mostly early Chick Corea solo studio work from 1969 involving musicians Woody Shaw, Hubert Laws, Bennie Maupin, Dave Holland, Jack DeJohnette, and Horace Arnold. Also included is the &quot;La Fiesta (Piano Solo)&quot; track from the 1978 concert with Lionel Hampton recorded in Cannes, France.The mastering on this CD release is terrible! It sounds as if they might have used LP versions for their masters instead of the original source tapes. Plus, the tracks are mislabeled, which is actually a problem that has plagued the various releases of these particular studio sessions. If you are considering purchasing this, do yourself a favor and instead get the newly remastered &quot;Complete Is Sessions&quot; Blue Note release, now the definitive version of this material.Since the track list is not included above, I have provided it below along with the equivalent material from &quot;Complete Is Sessions&quot; (except where noted):1. Fiesta - &quot;La Fiesta (Piano Solo)&quot; from Chick Corea &amp; Lionel Hampton &quot;Sea Breeze&quot; concert album.2. Converge - &quot;Converge (alt tk)&quot;3. Sundance - &quot;This (alt tk)&quot;4. Waltz For Bill Evans - &quot;Song Of the Wind (alt tk)&quot;5. Vamp - &quot;Sundance (alt tk)&quot;6. Song Of the Wind - &quot;Song Of the Wind&quot;7. The Brain - &quot;The Brain (alt tk)&quot;The first track does not even fit with the rest of the album. The remaining tracks are avant-garde jazz from the late 1960's, which means that the material is loosely organized and experimental. The music is highly improvisatory while remaining interesting, with great interaction among the performers. This style of jazz is an acquired taste, but recommended in order to see where Chick has been and the music he is capable of creating. Just make sure to purchase the right version!
 B0000666DA-0 POSITIVO  While The Smiths receive the majority of the attention when it comes to 80s singles bands, the relatively unknown and under-appreciated Stockholm Monsters were actually the better pop outfit, a fact to which "All at Once" brilliantly testifies. Here you get 14 stellar singles (and alternate mixes of the colossal "Partyline," the chilly "Miss Moonlight," as well as the previously unreleased demo of "Shake It To The Bank") not likely to be bested by any band in the near future. From the chimey debut "Fairy Tales" to the controversial, mind-blowing "How Corrupt Is Rough Trade?" to the earth-shaking "Militia," the Monsters display an uncanny knack for clear, disaffected songwriting, desperate sentiment, and memorable melody. Tony France's thinly wavering voice, John Rhodes' skeletal riffing, Karl France's gorgeous bass tone, the swirling horns...they all combine to brew a sublime audio stew that penetrates the ear at a nearly subconscious level. All of these songs possess a discernably thick tension (conveyed through the uniquely dramatic vocal performances of France) that threatens to tear the composition apart at any moment. Yet the Monsters miraculously hold it together, and the chaos fades into an epiphany, one moment of pure genius--the guitar solo in "Militia," the voice samples in "Kan Kill!," the desperate vocals in "Partyline," the whistling noise in the background of "Fairy Tales." This compilation is shot through with magic moments, and anyone who has not heard of the Stockholm Monsters should immediately go out and buy this, then purchase the band's sole album "Alma Mater." They are both precious gems from a lost era and lamentably bygone band: I would go so far as to say "All At Once" is the best CD I've ever purchased. It's that good.
 B0002JY5XM-0 POSITIVO  First song, "The Sacrifice", kinda cemented their reputation as some kinda Sabbath disciples. Actually they are communal friends of Comus, who also revelled in disturbing imagery.This is solid Steppenwolf hard rock with a melancholic feel. Album has a lot of atmosphere without actually going anywhere. Good use of electric and acoustic guitars playing off each other to create tension. Very haunting and wasted feeling.
 B0002JY5XM-1 POSITIVO  This is one of those obscure hard rock discs (and I buy alot) that was worth the money (though I paid about $16 for mine). It has a variety of flavors and that's a plus. The disc opens with a heavy number called The Sacrifice. The music is closer to Blue Cheer's Second Time Around, with the lyrics more close to Black Widow. This is followed by an enjoyable, catchy hard rock number called See The People Creeping Round. Next up, you have a haunting, beautiful number in And I have Loved You, the only mellow cut on the disc. Those three alone are worth the price to me. You have some tracks in the middle that remind me alot of the material on side one of Blue Cheer's New! Improved! album, and that's not a bad thing. Then, for contrast (say, to the first cut), you have a song that's almost Christian in lyric, and music and arrangement somewhere along the lines of Quicksilver Messenger Service (Pride Of Man on their first album), and it works quite well. Even the tracks on this disc one might consider weaker, have their moments. The album closes with a political song called Step Out Of Line. Excellent track, and truth hardly sounds dated. Vocals, guitar and bass all above average, and a pre-Atomic Rooster Ric Parnell turns in some excellent stick work. Overall worth your time if you dig '68 to '72 hard rock. I enjoy the disc more with each listen.
 B00000EJF4-0 POSITIVO  Bill Medley is one of the few white singers who's able to sing rock as well as R&amp;B and who can really sound black. His versions of &quot;Bridge over troubled water&quot; and &quot;Don't you love me anymore&quot; are excellent, stronger than the originals and than other covers. It would be great if he records a duet with Ronnie Spector, they both have that powerful sense of rock'n'roll that many people are claiming to listen again.
 B00008FJTR-0 POSITIVO  It's fantastic!!
 B000002WVQ-0 POSITIVO  this was always my favorite airplane album, no doubt!...i spent many a night mesmerized by it's spell, back in the day...after just listening to it in it's entirety almost 30 years later, i can report that it's still just as great!...
 B000002WVQ-1 POSITIVO  I have been familiar with "After Bathing at Baxter's" since I was 10 years old, after discovering it in my 16 year old brother's record collection. It is an inspiring work of genius and in my humble opinion--the best work the Airplane has ever done. It is also one of the supreme representations of cutting-edge, avant-garde psychedelia of that time. I will now deconstruct the album sequentially: In "The Ballad of You and Me and Pooneil", Paul Kantner, Mary Balin and Grace Slick echo each other in a tour-de-force of vocal call and response. There is nothing like the silly, goofy, R. Crumb-esque humour that is exemplified by the voice/sound/music collage that is "A Small Package of Value Will Come To You Shortly". "Young Girl Sunday Blues" is wistful and beautiful. "Martha" (whoever she is) just might be tragic; Grace's uniquely-styled background vocals on "Martha" are haunting and (plastic) fantastic. Next is the richly-textured and musically diverse "rejoyce" which features Grace at the zenith of her lyrical powers. "Spare Chaynge" is a profound and masterful acid-soaked instrumental and each time I listen to it--communion with worshippers of Yggdrasil everywhere is achieved. On "Two Heads", Grace creates an ambiance that is aggressive, sinister, and mysterious--this effect is also achieved, though to a lesser degree, by Slick and Kantner on "Wild Tyme". [Is Grace a good witch or a bad witch? Probably both.] Finally, to close both the album and this review, "Won't You Try/Saturday Afternoon" sends us out of this theatre of the musical absurd with a playful resolution to the party--tripping or not, it's batting at balloons in the park on a sunny day--"Wont You Try" celebrates life and is also an anthem for self-realization. Although I cannot say this record has aged well, I still consider it to be a classic. Whenever I hear "After Bathing at Baxter's", I want to go back to the epicenter of the San Francisco scene that nurtured its creation.Stephen C. Bird, author of "Hideous Exuberance: A Satire"
 B000002WVQ-2 POSITIVO  I used to throw this one on while I was executing psychedelic paintings (tempera paint on poster-board) during sophomore year ('68-'69) at the university.The first, very long lead guitar note signals the beginning of an epic/epochal journey, which in a way is what this album set out to achieve. It was to be a transformation of the consciousness of our generation, perceived/conceived through what the Airplane offered us through their creativity, experience, and of course their music. It was the herald of a new dawn, a kind of strange bird trumpeting to us of its arrival, and secondarily announcing their new style/sound.On "The Ballad of You and Me and Pooneil", you almost don't know what Balin and company are singing about, but somehow it makes perfect sense, in a most visionary sort of way. This is excellent, as they don't fall prey to trying to describe the situation too precisely [if you can say/see exactly what it is, you ain't there!] So what you get is the map of the energy currents your soul can follow in order to travel the paths they are marking. Jefferson Airplane are describing and charting the way into and through the region of numinous. (Who really cares whether or not if it's meant to be thought of as drug-induced? It works either way, I'd say).Dylan never did it any better than this. When Mr. Zimmerman got into a similar mode ["Gates of Eden", "Desolation Row", "The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest", et al.), he was busy creating new prophetic religious texts for the New/Now Generation. Bob created a series of alternate worlds staring at us, right in front of us. Or was he semi-transforming what we always see into what we always know, but don't always realize? Again, either way, it works.Following "Pooneil", there is the relative short interlude of the happy psychedelic party, a sound-space through which meaningful and/or hilarious one-liners, musical passages/quotations and various conversations float, and which segues into the beautiful, very moving "Young Girl Sunday Blues".Even more amazing is the beginning of the second suite, the song "Martha", during which we succumb to some of the most beautifully poetic lines imaginable, all which compassionately conspire to take us higher and deeper into and through the new vista. "Martha she speaks to me from a feather in the meadow . . . " This is the one song that starts with an acoustic guitar ostinado, which continues throughout. (A little ways in, it's heavily overlaid, in most a friendly manner, by offerings from the lead electric.)These first couple of suites, Grace is given free rein to use her voice as an accompaniment instrument (Marty does most of the lead singing). Grace was sort of serving the function of a second lead guitar, of course timbrally different. I wonder if Yoko Ono learned how to sing listening to these pieces? Grace does a great job here. Then, later when she takes the lead on the two severely satirical pieces ["Last Wall of the Castle" and "Two Heads"] her voice assumes its usual, masterful [powerful] attitude. These two songs (and to some extent all of 'side two') more or less forecast what's to come next (album #4: 'Crown of Creation'), where satirical and apocalyptic energy/imagery kick in furiously.Here on 'Baxters' there's not yet too much trouble in paradise . . . Middle America is witnessed as something outside of the new hippie way. Alienation has acted in its own way to create the [beautiful] alternate to what was referred to at the time as the Death Culture. But by splitting humanity/America into two camps, we were led in a way to the partial dissolution of this new vision, as most had our feet planted somewhat in both worlds. 'Crown of Creation' dives headfirst into this fray. Please stay tuned.
 B000002WVQ-3 POSITIVO  Forget the iconoclastic lyrics, the fact that this is probably the most LSD inspired recording ever, and the fact that it captures the feel of all of that San Francisco, late 60's weirdness better than anything, this album stands alone musically. Fortunately, around 1969 or '70, when I was about 12 or 13, somebody donated this LP to our local library. I checked it out, then renewed it over and over. I didn't know what a hippie was, never took drugs, but this was then and still is today one of the most original collections of great music ever. I still have not heard anything that I would compare to this as a whole album or individual cuts, especially the vocal arrangements/improvisations and the guitar work. I profusely disagree with anyone who picks out a member of the band or a song from this album as a less than vital contribution. The unparalleled, off-the-wall harmonies,and half harmonies of Kantner/Balin/Slick alone make this a fantastical experience like no other. Too bad RCA didn't do them justice with recording quality as they were doing something way ahead of their time that was probably stereotyped by the big shots as just another "underground" effort. Even so, the performance from the first guitar-feedback opening to the last note of what once was 'side two', is absolutely (here's where I choose an adjective, and unfortunately there isn't one that will work here and not sound trite, so pick one from the following: incredible! marvelous! wonderful! awesome! awe-inspiring! fabulous! - you get the idea.) ----------
 B000002WVQ-4 POSITIVO  The Ballad of you and me and PoohNeilIf you were a bird and you lived very high,Knew from the wind when the breeze came by,Say to the wind as it took you away,"That's where I wanted to go today"And I didn't know that I need to have you around, and I doAnd I didn't know that I need to have you aroundLove like a mountain springtime,Flashing through the rivers of my mind;It's what I feel for you (armadillo)ARMADILLO!You and me go walking southAnd we see all the world around us,The colors blind my eyes and my mind to all but you,And I didn't know that I need to have you around, and I doI didn't know that I need to have you around.(Sat there wonderin, wondering....)I have a house where I can goWhen there's too many people around meI can sit and watch all the peopleDown below goin' by me;Halfway down the stairs is a stairWhere I sit and think about you and me and PoohNeil(you and me, you and me);But I wonder will the sun still see all the people goin'byWill the moon still hang in the sky when I die,When I die, when I'm high, when I die?If you were a cloud and you sailed up there,You sail on water as blue as air,You'd see me here in the fields and say,'Doesn't the sky look green today?'Doesn't it look green? Doesn't it look green?But I wonder will the sun still see all the people goin'byWill the moon still hang in the sky when I die,When I die, when I'm high, when I die, die, die, die?the house spoken of here is the great two story stone mansion at 2400 Fulton St, San Fran, just on the edge of Haight Ashbury, which the Airplane bought with royalties from Surrealistic Pillow and ALL lived in, along with various lovers... (!) The Airplane was one of the few sixties groups to take home a lot of money.The meaning of the song: Paul Kantner's paean to Fred Neil, the early sixties King of the Bleeker Street folk singers, who started or encouraged the careers of an army of folksingers who later became folk-Rockers: Paul Kantner, Bob Dylan, Jorma Kaukonen, Steven Stills, David Crosby, John Sebastian, Gram Parson, Dino Valenti, etc etc and many more. He had a spectacular deep baritone voice. After recording a few classic albums, Neil got sick of recording industry bullstuff, and quit, moving to Florida to do Dolphin Research. He lived for the rest of his life from royalties for "The Other Side to this Life" and "Everybody's talking at me".He visited the Airplane often in SanFran.Grace Slick said he reminded her of Winnie the Pooh. She called him Pooh-Neil.This song is an LSD combination of the lyrics from AA Milne's Pooh - "I wish I was a cloud, floating in the sky" and lyrics from Fred Neil's song "Red Balloon" - "will the moon still hang in the sky when I die?""PoohNeil" is the buzzy, psychedelic pinnacle of the sixties.the rest of "Bathing at Baxters" is really uncompromising acid music, sometimes over the top. Having just made what is arguably the most or one of the most successful albums of the sixties, of all time, "Surrealistic Pillow" the Airplane insisted to RCA that they be able to record whatever they pleased. Some of this album is wonderful (the song above & Martha), some attempts to simulate an acid trip, some is good, some is noisy or repetitive. What JA wanted to do at the time. RCA cringed. This album did not sell well....With any other group, the label would have done some editting."Martha" refers to the notorious, legendary Martha Wax, the very very underage runaway daughter of the Sausalito mayor who the Airplane sheltered and moved around to keep her from the juvenile authorities. She was also the inspiration, with friend Julia Dreyer, for "Come Up the Years" _ " a younger girl keeps hanging around, and I'd be happy to go right along..." _ "her heels rise for me...(!)".these were different times.
 B000002WVQ-5 NEUTRO  There's some amazing stuff on here: &quot;The Ballad of You and Me and Pooneil&quot; is wonderfully energetic (and necessary to appreciating &quot;The House at Pooneil Corners&quot; from Crown of Creation), &quot;Martha&quot; is beautiful, &quot;Two Heads&quot; is a bit more surreal than most of Grace's similar songs such as &quot;Greasy Heart&quot;--and there is, of course, &quot;Rejoyce&quot;, possibly the most interesting song the Airplane ever did. However, some of the stuff on here wears pretty badly. After a few listens, songs like &quot;The Last Wall of the Castle&quot; and &quot;Wild Tyme (H)&quot; lose their power. And one listen is too much for the tedious &quot;Won't You Try / Saturday Afternoon&quot;. But it doesn't matter: the good stuff is good enough to make up for the bad stuff, and this album fits wonderfully into the space between Surrealistic Pillow and Crown of Creation.
 B000002WVQ-6 POSITIVO  A friend had it when I was a kid. I think my brother had it. My college roommate had it. I was very late going to CD; this was the last album I bought on vinyl.I hope the CD has the liner art - which is fascinating in and of itself.The advantage of the CD is that you can listen straight through, which you couldn't with the vinyl. A wide range of emotions are expressed on this album, and yet it all hangs together.I strongly recommend it to anyone who is willing to listen to &quot;the S.F. sound&quot; with an open mind.
 B000002WVQ-7 POSITIVO  As we used to say, when this little piece of vinyl was still hot from the press, "It ain't much, but it'll get you off".Once considered "underground" and "revolutionary", Baxter's is now a genuine roadside attraction, and a valuable thread in the weave of the American experience. Enjoy this gentle breeze from finer days.
 B000002WVQ-8 POSITIVO  Somwhere beneath the wall-to-wall LSD-induced hysteria, therelurks a vicious rock &amp; roll band. Jorma Kaukonen on &quot;WildTyme&quot; and &quot;Last Wall of the Castle&quot; blasts through the haze, leaving a cloud of dust and encapsulating the history of psychedelic guitar, and &quot;Watch Her Ride&quot; and &quot;Young Girl Sunday Blues&quot; are catchy, gorgeously harmonized, overachieving psych-pop wonders. Totally awesome! And of course there are the towering psychedelic infernos &quot;Ballad of You and Me and Pooneil&quot; and &quot;Spare Chaynge.&quot; Both tracks fearlessly plunge headlong into the deepest, darkest recesses of the mind, and leave an indelible sonic impression: why, suddenly, the whole of mind-altering pop music history makes sense! The Velvet Underground, Captain Beefheart, Syd Barrett, Sonic Youth, My Bloody Valentine, yes yes yes! It's all right here! It all makes perfect sense! And that's WITHOUT the aid of controlled substances! Of course, &quot;Baxter's&quot; is not a perfect statement: there is Paul Kantner's ridiculous hippy-dippy Donovan moves on &quot;Saturday Afternoon,&quot; and some odd, ill-advised Cliff Notes-styled weirdness from Grace Slick in the form of &quot;Rejoyce.&quot; But in the end, it's not overly distracting. Put this one on the turntable and watch the universe unfold in front you and hack up some of the most otherworldly and satisfying sounds ever envisioned.
 B000002WVQ-9 POSITIVO  This is, by along distance, the Airplane's finest moment. It is a curiosity of this genre that, even by the artists' admissions, there existed a failure to put to record the sonic dreams of the bands. This is, no doubt, due to the limitations of the available technology and the desire to convey some part of the excitement and energy being produced during drug affected live outings. The title is a euphemism for a state post acid consumption and the music contained herein swirls and drives, then relaxes and comes on again, rich in texture and bristling with energy. There is an ominous quality to this album, almost a prophecy of the corruption of the Hippy ideals, a confused contrast between beauty and violence which mirrors the transitional period of the time. The next studio offering from the Airplane would be far more cynical, the vocals more laconic, less urgent and less focussed. The playing on Baxter's is remarkable. Jack Cassidy plays bass that threatens the San Andreas Fault. Jorma Kaukonen demonstrates that he is one of the most underrated guitarists of this era. Marty Balin sings like a man possessed - but that's no surprise. The highlight of the album is Young Girl Sunday Blues, a wistful reverie which provides momentary repite from the manic, pulsating of side one. Lyrically Baxters is sound with the exception of Rejoyce ( Grace Slicks take on Ulysses ) and Two Heads. In fact, I would go as far as to suggest that this album would be none the poorer for her absence. If you are to own two Airplane albums they should be this and Bless It's Pointed Little Head.
 B000002WVQ-10 NEUTRO  Case and vinyl in great condition. Only wish htI would have been.informed someone's name.was written.on.front of case in big permanent marker
 B000002WVQ-11 POSITIVO  Quite a collection of music which flows upon itself in a groovy way. They were at their height with this album, the previous one (Surealistic Pillow), and the following one (Crown of Creation). All must-haves.
 B000002WVQ-12 NEGATIVO  I LOVE this album, however....... this is colored vinyl, not mentioned, warped, and the center hole was off center. Very disappointed.
 B000002WVQ-13 POSITIVO  &quot;Baxter's&quot; certainly is one of the ultimate albums in psychedelia, and it doesn't have many peers. This is the Airplane's effort to get a trip into sound, not much unlike the Grateful Dead's &quot;Anthem of the Sun&quot;. In comparison, the Airplane shows off with an exuberance that must be attributed to a great sense of being young and supremely uncaring of what the neighbours may think - let yourself go ! don't care about anything !The album isn't consistently brilliant - side two is definitely the weaker side with &quot;Spayre Chaynge&quot; and &quot;Two Heads&quot;, but as there's so much dazzling other tunes - who cares ? And all's well that ends well - &quot;Saturday afternoon/Won't you try&quot; always makes my room echo with the voices of summer and of love - no pun intended.
 B000002WVQ-14 POSITIVO  After Bathing At Baxters, the third album for the Jefferson Airplane is the Airplane at their most psychedelic and experimental. Great songs are joined together by sixties stoner sound effects and studio trickery to make a wonderful continuum of quintesential JA song writing and sonic frivolities that run from the sublime to the annoying. It's uneven to be sure, but Baxters contains some of JA's best songwriting in Martha, Ballad Of You Me & Pooneil, Watch Her Ride and others. Although some folks will say Baxters is really dated due to the indulgent psychedelic interludes, it's also really strong. I'll agree and also say Jimi Hendrix and The Beatles are dated too, so's XTC, so's Mozart, but that doesn't detract from the intrinsic excellence of their music. Baxters is truly a creature of its time and no less enjoyable for it. It's the second album in the triumverate of indispensable Jefferson Airlane albums: Surealistic Pillow, ABAB, and Crown Of Creation. Volunteers is pretty darn good too. So get out your tie dyes, granny glasses, beads and Beatle boots, tune in, turn on, and drop out. It's never too late to just say yes.
 B000002WVQ-15 POSITIVO  I used to throw this one on while I was executing psychedelic paintings (tempera paint on poster-board) during sophomore year ('68-'69) at the university.The first, very long lead guitar note signals the beginning of an epic/epochal journey, which in a way is what this album set out to achieve. It was to be a transformation of the consciousness of our generation, perceived/conceived through what the Airplane offered us through their creativity, experience, and of course their music. It was the herald of a new dawn, a kind of strange bird trumpeting to us of its arrival, and secondarily announcing their new style/sound.On "The Ballad of You and Me and Pooneil", you almost don't know what Balin and company are singing about, but somehow it makes perfect sense, in a most visionary sort of way. This is excellent, as they don't fall prey to trying to describe the situation too precisely [if you can say/see exactly what it is, you ain't there!] So what you get is the map of the energy currents your soul can follow in order to travel the paths they are marking. Jefferson Airplane are describing and charting the way into and through the region of numinous. (Who really cares whether or not if it's meant to be thought of as drug-induced? It works either way, I'd say).Dylan never did it any better than this. When Mr. Zimmerman got into a similar mode ["Gates of Eden", "Desolation Row", "The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest", et al.), he was busy creating new prophetic religious texts for the New/Now Generation. Bob created a series of alternate worlds staring at us, right in front of us. Or was he semi-transforming what we always see into what we always know, but don't always realize? Again, either way, it works.Following "Pooneil", there is the relative short interlude of the happy psychedelic party, a sound-space through which meaningful and/or hilarious one-liners, musical passages/quotations and various conversations float, and which segues into the beautiful, very moving "Young Girl Sunday Blues".Even more amazing is the beginning of the second suite, the song "Martha", during which we succumb to some of the most beautifully poetic lines imaginable, all which compassionately conspire to take us higher and deeper into and through the new vista. "Martha she speaks to me from a feather in the meadow . . . " This is the one song that starts with an acoustic guitar ostinado, which continues throughout. (A little ways in, it's heavily overlaid, in most a friendly manner, by offerings from the lead electric.)These first couple of suites, Grace is given free rein to use her voice as an accompaniment instrument (Marty does most of the lead singing). Grace was sort of serving the function of a second lead guitar, of course timbrally different. I wonder if Yoko Ono learned how to sing listening to these pieces? Grace does a great job here. Then, later when she takes the lead on the two severely satirical pieces ["Last Wall of the Castle" and "Two Heads"] her voice assumes its usual, masterful [powerful] attitude. These two songs (and to some extent all of 'side two') more or less forecast what's to come next (album #4: 'Crown of Creation'), where satirical and apocalyptic energy/imagery kick in furiously.Here on 'Baxters' there's not yet too much trouble in paradise . . . Middle America is witnessed as something outside of the new hippie way. Alienation has acted in its own way to create the [beautiful] alternate to what was referred to at the time as the Death Culture. But by splitting humanity/America into two camps, we were led in a way to the partial dissolution of this new vision, as most had our feet planted somewhat in both worlds. 'Crown of Creation' dives headfirst into this fray. Please stay tuned.
 B000002WVQ-16 POSITIVO  Even with all the glowing praise from the other reviewers, I feel compelled to offer to anyone considering this album (or &quot;CD&quot;) that, yes, the subject matter might be tied to drugs and SF, but this is simply one of the all-time great albums in all of rock history. I was a senior in high school when this came out, pretty straight, like all my friends who like me went on to be professionals in various areas, and we all completely flipped out over this one album; and not a head amongst us. The points: the best rock bassist ever (Casady) thunders everywhere; high energy driving rock to jazzy piano, bass and drums; the first really effective fuzz effects in rock; lyrics, harmonies, melodies; and most importantly, all the energy of youth busting out everywhere. This album isn't really about drugs, anyway; it's about the culture of the times, great times when rockers were first and foremost musicians making music, not entertainers. So don't let the old hippie reviewers put you off. If you just like rock, this is the best there ever was.
 B000002WVQ-17 POSITIVO  If you like psychadelic music, like I do, and your trying to decide which Jefferson Airplane album to buy, look no further. I have Airplanes first four albums and I love and recomend them all. Baxter's is the best of the bunch. I can't wait to buy more albums by this artist. If you want to know what kind of music this is, in 1992 (I was 16) I made a tape called &quot;Trail Mix&quot; for listining during recreational activities, and I borrowed this tape from a freind just so I could put &quot;Saturday Afternoon&quot; on it. It was great. That should give you an idea of what this stuff is like. This is J.A.'s most experimental work and their least commercial. It is also their best.&quot;No man is an island - He's a peninsula&quot;
 B000002WVQ-18 POSITIVO  This is what the Airplane was all about. After the commercial success of Surrealistic Pillow, the group really stretched out. This album is an excellent reflection of what the times were about. It's a collage of 1967, of San Francisco, of the Haight, of hope, of drugs. This has always been my favorite Airplane album.
 B000002WVQ-19 POSITIVO  A reaction to the mass appeal of Surrealistic Pillow, After Bathing at Baxters was a deliberate disaster of sorts. They sacrificed hit singles and truly accessible music in search of something greater--their soul. The album is where the true Jefferson Airplane showed its face: mad, drug-hazed, cryptic, even apoctalyptic. It's also extraordinarily beautiful and powerful. So get this album and enjoy the ride to places only the Jefferson Airplane can take you to. Even if it doesn't enlighten you or change your life at its core, it's still one hell of a ride.
 B000002WVQ-20 POSITIVO  It stuns me to consider the extremes in the spectrum of American pop culture in the 60's, and to reflect that this material was recorded within a few years of the time Jack Jones was riding the charts with &quot;Lollipops and Roses,&quot; and Patsy Cline was laying down immortal hits like &quot;Crazy.&quot; A crazy time it was! As a pre-teen on acid in those days, this music and its ilk was the soundtrack to my own private universe. There are a few weak passages, I have to admit, and poor Grace has a lot of trouble at times singing in tune -- but at its best, this material shines brilliantly. The final chord in &quot;The Last Wall of the Castle,&quot; the cascading melisma descending through melodic spirals in the flute to its final note, still gives me chills, while the genuinely intelligent lyrics, describing an upper-middle-class wedding from the perspective of a well-to-do, college-educated acid head, recall a time when even drugged-out weirdos felt a need to have something to say before saying it.As a music history major in college, I specialized in medieval and renaissance music, and have always indulged in the mental habit of judging rock albums by how interesting I would find the material if it had been recorded in the 12th century instead of the 20th. I would urge the listener to listen with that kind of clinical detachment, because in its masterful encapsulation of the LSD experience -- from the well-known sensory distortions produced by the drug, to the bizarre, quasi-mystical musings of its avid users -- it comprises an absolutely unique and startling specimen in the history of popular music in any age.It is definitely worth the price of admission.
 B000002WVQ-21 POSITIVO  If you heard about the Acid Tests, the Trips Festival, and the psychedaelic experience, and wondered what it is all about, this Classic album gets to the heart of the matter like an atomic bullett. Back in the day, the young at heart would drop acid and play this album, and be transported into a new hyper-geometry of space, time, and transcendent mind. The deepest moment of the sequence occurs during the totally mind bending song titled Wild Tyme, when the striving counterpoint between Jorma Kaukonen and Jack Casady forms a kind of musical Torus, or a spiral mapped across the surface of a sphere. Only, in this case, the sphere is a non-Euclidean hypersphere. For those of you who understand that the nature of interdependent causation is superluminal in its origins, then this album is for you! The Airplane never soared to these heights again, and eventually, fell so low they should have changed their name to the Jefferson Earthworm...
 B000002WVQ-22 POSITIVO  No other work of the late 60's better epitomizes the totally fearless pursuit of new musical and lyrical pathways than ABAB. As a young rock guitarist I remember trying to parse the band's artistic intent, in crafting an album of such broad scope. I gave up after 10 or 12 listens, and just celebrated the crazy genius of it. This work is a voyage. Ulysses does the Haight. And while many other great albums by numerous artists (including the Airplane) would follow in the succeeding years before bean counters took over the industry entirely, I am unable to identify a single one that combines such ferocious focus and chaos in a single work. 'Wheels of Fire' comes close, perhaps. "Exile on Main St.", possibly, or Moby Grape #1. Over 40 years later, I'm still mesmerized by the sheer audacity... Melting Bear remembers.
 B000002WVQ-23 POSITIVO  This is probably the second or third best Jefferson Airplane album, right behind Long John Silver and Volunteers.I find After Bathing at Baxter's (by the way, that's my dogs name! A cute basset hound he is) to be a consistent album, with SOME flaws, but they are so minor that it doesn't really interfere with the flow of the album *that* much. "A Small Package of Value" is probably the only weak point of the entire album, and it's so short at just under 2 minutes, that it means nothing really.Other than that we have plenty of typical Airplane goodness. The opener is a really great song full of melody and solid vocal work, and "Young Girl Sunday Blues" has more of those emotionally powerful vocals from the male singer. "Martha" is similar, and so is "Watch Her Ride". These are ALL great songs for sincere vocal melody lovers out there (yes that's YOU sir!)Grace Slick's numbers aren't quite as solid as usual, but that doesn't matter because they're still pretty good. The guitar playing that's neatly scattered throughout the entire album is a highlight for me. Always was and always will be. What a GREAT guitar sound. What a talent to come up with some GREAT guitar lines."Spare Chaynge" RULES. It's a 10 minute guitar jam that's just as powerful and melodic as any Humble Pie or Iron Butterly or Black Sabbath jam. It's fantastic. Doesn't sound dated either. Late 60's? More like early 70's.Overall, this is a mighty fine Jefferson Airplane album. Not the trippiest, not the craziest (or if it is, it just doesn't SEEM that way) but none of that matters when you have vocal melodies that are totally awesome.
 B000002WVQ-24 POSITIVO  After two well-produced folk-rock flavored albums, Jefferson Airplane decided to pull out the stops (not coincidentally, during the "Summer of Love") for their second release of 1967. In contrast to "Surrealistic Pillow"'s perfectly-crafted three-minute pop-rock songs, "Baxter's" allowed them to stretch out creatively with freewheeling song structures, experimental engineering, and at least one extended jam ("Spare Chaynge"). And the results, frankly, were a bit mixed. But listening to this on CD for the first time, and in its entirety for the first time in many years, it struck me how brilliant it often is. With its loose suite-like structure, it really demands to be heard in its entirety, rather than chopped up as it has been on so many collections. From the shout-out energy of "Ballad of You and Me and Pooneil", to the silly Zappa-esque "A Small Package of Value...", to Marty Balin's rousing "Young Girl Sunday Blues" and the gorgeous "Martha", there's a lot to like contained here. There's also Grace Slick's literate and witty tunes "rejoyce" and "Two Heads", as well as "Wild Tyme (H)", "The Last Wall of the Castle", "Watch Her Ride"and the trippy-day-in-the-park theme of "Won't You Try/Saturday Afternoon". The band was never looser in the studio, and this was a transitional album for them from their folky roots into a more rock-oriented, and later politically-charged direction. Clocking in at about 43 minutes, it was also one of the longer single-album releases of its time. And the wonderful cover art by under-appreciated cartoonist R. Cobb is second only to "Volunteers" as the band's best album cover. A later re-release of this album also contains some bonus tracks.
 B000002WVQ-25 NEUTRO  I last reviewed this album a year ago, upon my purchase of the cd. I first purshased the &quot;album&quot;,(wax), what?,...30+ years ago?...(*cliche* warning!...it seems only yesterday...)These songs have swirled through my subconcious all of my adult years. They have neve left me. That's how powerful this music has been for me. This album is a true masterpiece and work of art, quite obviously.For those listeners only just discovering the magic of this gem, I can't begin to express the worlds this album opened up upon its release. Ancient history now, but new and fresh then. A time of firsts. A time of discovery.Anyway...the album still has the undeniable power to send chills up my spine. It's a &quot;concept&quot; album...can you dig it?...Go listen...I'm listening now...ahhhhhhhhhh: (as a side note, If you can plug into this, then you must also go explore _blows against the empire_ for more of the same. )&quot;Won't you try won't you try won't you try find a way to need someone find a way to see find a way to need someone and the sunshine will set you free won't you try won't you try won't you try with love before we're gonesaturday afternoon saturday afternoon when your head is feeling fine you can ride inside our car I will give you caps of blue and silver sunlight for your hair all that soon will be is what you need to see, my love won't you try won't you try I do care that you do see Is it time to leave, my lady yes it is I know round about and everywhere sunshine instead of snow times can't change that what I say is true&quot;
 B000002WVQ-26 NEUTRO  There's some amazing stuff on here: &quot;The Ballad of You and Me and Pooneil&quot; is wonderfully energetic (and necessary to appreciating &quot;The House at Pooneil Corners&quot; from Crown of Creation), &quot;Martha&quot; is beautiful, &quot;Two Heads&quot; is a bit more surreal than most of Grace's similar songs such as &quot;Greasy Heart&quot;--and there is, of course, &quot;Rejoyce&quot;, possibly the most interesting song the Airplane ever did. However, some of the stuff on here wears pretty badly. After a few listens, songs like &quot;The Last Wall of the Castle&quot; and &quot;Wild Tyme (H)&quot; lose their power. And one listen is too much for the tedious &quot;Won't You Try / Saturday Afternoon&quot;. But it doesn't matter: the good stuff is good enough to make up for the bad stuff, and this album fits wonderfully into the space between Surrealistic Pillow and Crown of Creation.
 B000002WVQ-27 NEUTRO  Please tell me they've re-mixed this album. I only have the original LP. There are great songs on here, ruined by tinny, poorly-mixed recording. &quot;Young Girl Sunday Blues&quot; is a great Marty Balin song, but the vocals are buried, and &quot;Last Wall of the Castle&quot; sounds as though it were recorded on a walkman. Flesh out the bass, bring the vocals forward, and this will emerge as the second-greatest Airplane album, after &quot;Pillow.&quot;
 B000002WVQ-28 NEUTRO  Abandoning the Folk-Rock and comfortable singles of their first two albums, the Airplane plunged themselves into the maelstrom that was 1967 San Francisco. This is what crawled out of the pool after the Summer of Love, a dark, cryptic album that violates all sense and convention. This album is destined to be either loved or hated for its sheer iconoclasm. It can challenge the ear to the breaking point. The lyrics are random, the harmonies sharp and extemporaneous, the chords shift fast and strangely beyond the box of what rock is supposed to be, then it falls into a hook. The songs shift into one another or fall apart into chaos at the end. Whether the experiment is a success or a failure is yet to be determined. The only thing that can be said about this album is that it is absolutely unique. It is more in tune with King Crimson and Frank Zappa than the Grateful Dead or Janis Joplin. Yet the Airplane lack the vituosity to really pull off Zappa-like chaos, although they have the sense to keep it all in the context of Rock and not slip into a Robert Fripp-like daze. It is too bad that the Airplane have drilled themselves into Rock and Roll infamy by not quitting while they were ahead and pushing ahead with dismal, self-indulgent efforts in the early 70's, sappy Rhodes-covered ballads with Jefferson Starship and finally mutating into the unforgivable hiddeous beast that was simply known as Starship. Given that track record, everyone could be forgiven for avoiding all things from the Jefferson fold, especially an effort so challenging and free of easy singles.
 B000002WVQ-29 NEGATIVO  This is a very atypical Jefferson Airplane album. There's no &quot;Coming Back To Me&quot;, &quot;My Best Friend&quot;, &quot;Today&quot;, &quot;Get Together&quot;, &quot;Triad&quot;, &quot;Lather&quot; type songs on it. It's raucous. You may like it, but be prepared for what it is, and what it isn't. You should know beforehand. It isn't my thing, but it might be yours.
 B000002WVQ-30 NEGATIVO  Yes, this album embodies the drug culture of San Francisco 1967. Yes, this album is unique. Yes, this album is aggressively anti-commercial. Does this mean this is a good album? Unfortunately No. That is unless you've lived during the era (in which case this album has nostalgic value), tripped-out during it (apparantly what this was designed for) or are still tripping out. Otherwise, what you will discover is a meandering mess of self-indulgence thrown together by musicians discovering what it's like to have free reign in the studio and dithering around with every nob and button they could find. If that excites you or if you think the excess of Frank Zappa is genius, then maybe you'll love this album. On the other hand, if you were expecting to hear some great songs from the late 60's that still hold resonance today (as you will on the Airplane's Surrealistic Pillow, Crown of Creation or Volunteers albums) you've come to the wrong place because all you'll get here are two or three very good songs in the midst of an anarchist jumble of annoying, time-consuming nonsense that should never have been recorded and released to an unsuspecting and growing fanbase. Oh yeah, did I forget to mention that the album's meant to be this way because it's all about the whole LSD and drug experience and what it means? Sorry, but unlike a number of reviewers here, I don't look upon that as a *good* thing but as a disgusting, self-destructive misuse of life that has done enormous harm to people's lives (exactly how many years did it take Jorma to break his heroine habit and after how many near-death experiences?). Granted, a number of amazing albums have been written and produced with its musicians on drugs. Sadly, this isn't one of them. It's no coincidence that Marty Balin only co-wrote one song here and his presence is sorely missed. Thankfully, the follow-up, Crown of Creation, took the knowledge they gained on this release and coupled it with good compositions to produce not only one of their finest efforts, but one of the best albums of the era.
 B000002WVQ-31 POSITIVO  On purely musical terms, &quot;After Bathing At Baxter's&quot; by Jefferson Airplane is a one-of-a-kind, acid-stoked masterpiece. Its political sensibility and humour is locked firmly in the late 1960s, and has dated badly in places for it, but as a musical conception there is really nothing like it to compare. Considering that it was the Airplane's follow-up recording to their smash-hit album &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot;, you've got to admire the chutzpah it took to unleash this on a fickle youth market so soon in their career. It sounds nothing like &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot; and thus sold less well,--so much that they never tried anything like this again. Their next record, &quot;Crown of Creation&quot;, found an artistic compromise between &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot; and &quot;After Bathing At Baxter's&quot;. Only their LA rivals The Byrds would ever display such a blatant commercial disregard for its audience. &quot;After Bathing At Baxter's&quot; has moments of instrumental virtuosity (particularly bassist Jack Casady on &quot;Watch Her Ride&quot; and &quot;rejoyce&quot;), inspired harmony vocal arrangements (by Paul Kantner on &quot;Ballad of You &amp; Me &amp; Pooneil&quot;, &quot;Martha&quot;, &quot;Won't You Try/Saturday Afternoon&quot;), alternatingly lyrical and ferocious guitar phrasing (by Jorma Kaukonen on &quot;Wild Thyme&quot;, &quot;Last Wall of the Castle&quot; and &quot;Martha&quot; where he sounds nothing like his much-copied contemporaries Eric Clapton, Jimi Hendrix or Mike Bloomfield), and stellar lead vocals (Grace Slick on &quot;Two Heads&quot; and &quot;rejoyce&quot; and Marty Balin on &quot;Young Girl Sunday Blues&quot;). This is an album for musicians, singers and those with musically adventurous tastes. It is as aggressively sonic as any Velvet Underground, Sonic Youth, Smashing Pumpkins or Nine Inch Nails recording, especially considering that it was recorded in late 1967! The moods, tempos, rhythms and outrageous inventiveness of the arrangements puts it in a league of its own. For all serious music lovers.
 B000002WVQ-32 POSITIVO  Eric Clapton once opined (in the late 60s: no idea how he would feel today) that groups were either instrumentally oriented (like Cream) or vocally (like the Beach Boys). Jefferson Airplane were the exception that may or may not have proved the rule. No one could deny the vocal chops of Grace Slick and Marty Balin, both wonderful and unique singers, but the instrumental prowess of Jack Casady and Jorma Kaukonen was an equally distinctive and powerful element of the group's sound. To say they offered the best of both worlds is not quite accurate, though: rather they shaped a whole new one.&quot;Baxter's&quot; was the Airplane at their boldest and most experimental. Released the same year as their commercially successful &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot; is was a radical departure from that album. &quot;Pillow&quot; was a tight, conventionally well produced affair, with little bits of psychedelic freak-out thrown in almost as coloration (e.g. the guitar &quot;outro&quot; on &quot;Somebody to Love&quot;). &quot;Baxter's&quot; was unabashed psychedelia, as others have noted below, and was all the more representative of the group's power and their true sensibility.It's hard to believe that a rock epic like &quot;The Ballad of You &amp; Me &amp; Pooneil&quot; was actually released as a single--let alone the equally adventurous &quot;Watch her Ride,&quot; the vocals of which constantly threaten to derail, but never do. Grace Slick's brooding compositions &quot;rejoyce&quot; and &quot;Two Heads&quot; were real stream-of-consciousness dazzlers --&quot;literary&quot;, in an unself-conscious way (much less so than the obvious conceit behind &quot;White Rabbit,&quot; say) and penetrating. Her subsequent work only occasionally displayed such flashes of true brilliance. (I say this as a fan, but as an honest one.)The only down side for me (both in '67 and today) was the diminishment in Marty Balin's contribution. Marty's folky romanticism was already losing ground after &quot;Pillow,&quot; and he proved to be one of those artists, for whom increased public acclaim and the exhausting demands of touring, actually proved at least temporarily detrimental to his creative output. &quot;Young Girl Sunday Blues&quot; is a real rouser and he contributes lively vocals throughout, but his role in the group was already on the wane. On the group's subsequent releases, he would average two actual lead vocals and share others with Grace and Paul Kantner. Their vocal sparring remained a highlight of the group's later releases (especially the live album &quot;Bless Its Pointed Little Head&quot;). But Kantner was becoming the dominant songwriter by this point, if not the group's actual &quot;leader.&quot;Speaking of Kantner, his writing was still very strong and not nearly as portentous as it would later become. His compositions here, including &quot;Martha&quot; and &quot;Saturday Afternoon/Won't You Try&quot; achieve a splendor here that he would have trouble matching in later years (when everything became an epic). &quot;After Bathing at Baxter's&quot; is experimental rock at its most successful. If it were played for today's audiences, it could be a salvo against the domniant strains.corporate rock--just as it was in '67.
 B000002WVQ-33 POSITIVO  Many groups in the 60's tried to recreate the experience of an LSD-induced &quot;trip&quot; on record (The Stones &quot;Her Satanic Majesties Request&quot; and The Dead's &quot;Anthem Of The Sun&quot; are two examples). Only &quot;After Bathing At Baxter's&quot; by The Jefferson Airplane came close to suceeding. The 11 songs are grouped into 5 suites representing the different phases of an acid buzz..initial acid rush: (The Ballad Of You And Me And Pooniel), Goofy Halucinating: (Martha), Paranoia: (Rejoice), Moody Contemplation: (Spare Changyz), and Final Bringdown: (Won't You Try/ Saturday Afternoon). The concept works when the CD is played as a whole piece. (Only &quot;Watch Her Ride&quot; sounds like a future Starship project). All in all, besides being the last great album from the storied year-of-the-hippie (1967), it's also one of the most original rock albums made. Recomended!
 B000002WVQ-34 POSITIVO  Recorded hot off the heels of their successful &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot;, which was burning up the charts and one of the main reasons why thousands of teenagers were descending upon the city of San Francisco for the millenium's biggest party, &quot;After Bathing At Baxter's&quot; found the Airplane convinced that they were recording the greatest album of all time. And, in the heady zeitgeist of that era, they just might have. The album was released at Christmas to a puzzled audience; some took to it as the greatest thing they'd ever heard, while the majority of middle-America, irritated at not having another &quot;Somebody To Love&quot;, learned just how underground the Airplane really were. If &quot;Takes Off&quot; was the sound of the hippie movement as it was just beginning in '65 and early '66, and &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot; a commercially distilled essence of 1966 that became the soundtrack for the summer of love, then &quot;After Bathing At Baxter's&quot; was the summer of love in 1967 as it happened. And what a peak! &quot;Baxter's&quot; takes the sound established on &quot;Pillow&quot; to quantum levels; there are also attempts to bring the band's live playing to focus, as in the bass/drums/guitar duel &quot;Spare Chaynge&quot;. The songs are all about freedom, love, abandon and a change of perspective; drummer Spencer Dryden's piece becomes Frank Zappa-ish on &quot;A Small Package&quot;, which turns ordinary cocktail-party conversation into a hallucinatory revelation. Slick's two songs &quot;rejoyce&quot; and &quot;Two Heads&quot; are the best of her career, as she plays the crazed intellectual to the hilt, borrowing from &quot;Ulysses&quot; in the former and creating a singularly unique mirror-world in the latter. Everything, from the guitars (this one's mostly electric, although the acoustic &quot;Martha&quot; is a gem) to the harmonies to the drums to the sound effects (many of the guitars, bass, harpsichords, etc are recorded backwards, sped up, slowed down, etc) bristles with a polished sparkle; you can almost taste the acid after &quot;Two Heads&quot; climaxes. After that, the joyous invitation, backed with charged feedback effects and glorious communal four-part harmony vocals, that accompanies &quot;Won't You Try/Saturday Afternoon&quot; is like icing on the cake.
 B000002WVQ-35 POSITIVO  This album was released in 1967 when I was 3 years old...I just heard it this year after catching a VH-1 Behind the Music....It's hard to fathom that rock music was this melodic and radically progressive way back when - since now it seems to have regressed to atonal shouting with two chord changes...This album will restore your faith in all music and obliterate any memories of &quot;We Built This City&quot; - isn't it ironic that &quot;City&quot; went to number one in the 80's and back when this album was released it was a commercial flop....Oh what a twisted, horrid thing is popular taste....
 B000002WVQ-36 POSITIVO  This album was a quantum leap for the Airplane, no doubt helped along by quantities of mind-bending substances...indeed, my favorite memories are of dropping acid on a summer's Saturday afternoon and listening to this album as a whole. They took six months to assemble this record, and the production value is high; the weakness of Surrealistic Pillow was the heavy reverb, especially on the drums--now there's an album that could use a decent remix. Here Jorma's guitar work is just incredible and without precedent, even getting into a Sonic-Youth type sound at points. Straight people won't get it, but that's because they are boring! This is truly one of the greatest american recordings EVER.
 B000002WVQ-37 POSITIVO  Remember &quot;psychedelic&quot; bands? Remember the Electric Prunes? The Blues Magoos? I didn't think so. But all of us who can't remember the 60's can still remember the Airplane and Baxters. I remember me and Gretchen over at Tom and Noelle's with side two on auto-repeat. Spare Chaynge over and over while the sidewalks outside heaved like Merry Melody streets and the stars bounced against each other like they were on the old Lovely Lucy pinball. It was the final word in flat-out, unashamed &quot;Yes We Take LSD&quot; rock and roll. Everything before wasn't quite ready yet (okay, excepting maybe Purple Haze), everything after was imitation. And I'd STILL rather have my country die for me.
 B000002WVQ-38 POSITIVO  This is an album i have listened to a lot lately, after borrowing it off of somebody. This is a very interesting album, and much better than Surrealistic Pillow by the same artist. And this is a concept album based on the 'stages' one goes through in an acid trip, and the album is arranged into suites to correspond to these stages. From the initial vibrations at the start of the trip: 'The Ballard of you and me and Pooneil' up to the very end with 'Saturday Afternoon'The music itself is psychedelic (obviously) and features some inspired singing, song-writing and instrumentation. And Jack Cassidy's Bass playing really drives the music forwards... especially on the just over 9 minutes opus 'Spare Chaynge'Well, I can't give too good a review, as all i want to say about it has already been said. But it's good music and worth a listen, especially if you are interested in music from the same era. Ok, perhaps not quite as spectacular or as psychedelic as 'Electric Ladyland' by Jimi Hendrix (even though that came out a year or two later), or as weird as anything by Captain Beefheart, it'still very good music with nice melodies and damn fine songs! Also, bear in mind that I wasn't around at the time (being 17 now) and that I've never taken acid, my thoughts may not be quite as enthusiastic as someone who was there at the time (if so, i would envy them! )
 B000002WVQ-39 POSITIVO  Professional rock critics generally seem to like this album, but they won't give it &quot;5 stars&quot; because it's so forthrightly weird and/or self-indulgent. Well, I'll give it 5 stars for uniqueness. For a concept album about hallucinogens and their effect on the brain, this is a surprisingly tight and upbeat collection of &quot;songs.&quot; Even the &quot;jam&quot; on side 2 is aggressive rather than spaced-out. Overall there are few better examples of Jefferson Airplane's instrumental and vocal talents than this album, and this one rebellious without being disadvantageously tied to political issues of the day (that's a plus). Though it's obviously a &quot;60s&quot; album, it transcends the era via its musical accomplishment. Also, the cover art is wonderful. Buy this for yourself and a few more for friends and relatives. They'll thank you.
 B000068R1U-0 NEUTRO  One of the few bands to emerge from the dreadful nu-metal scene that actually showed promise was the Texas based Union Underground. With a sound that owed as much to that of Alice in Chains and White Zombie, the Union Underground's debut, 2000's "An Education in Rebellion", was a solid debut that was a breathe of fresh air for metal fans at the time, and this live EP nicely displays the band in a live setting for the most part. "South Texas Deathride" and the band's best cut, "Revolution Man" are the standout live tracks of "Live: One Nation Underground", as well as the mosh heavy renditions of singles "Turn Me On Mr. Deadman" and "Killing the Fly", but by the time these six tracks are over, you'll be wanting more; something which this band failed to deliver. If you liked their debut, you should pick this up, but find it at the cheapest price you can before you buy.
 B000068R1U-1 POSITIVO  Here's the breakdown:1. Intro, what can I say???2. Wow, this song rocks!! This song started the biggest mosh pit I ever witnessed at a concert.3. The first single. It rocks, and it WILL start a mosh pit, I guarantee it.4. Very depressing, but somehow uplifting. I love it!! Awesome ending!!5. Very heavy and unique!!6. Great song, but it gets better after the second chorus!! Insane guitar and bass lines for more than a minute!!
 B000068R1U-2 POSITIVO  I wish this band put out more stuff, they were pronominal.Their one CD is off the charts and this live CD was worth picking up. Of course it was used and less than a dollar but hey, you can't find it anywhere.If you like them on the CD, the songs sound great live.
 B000068R1U-3 POSITIVO  If you don't have it... get it. It's a great disc for the UU heads out there to hold them over until the new disc comes out!!!
 B000059O5K-0 POSITIVO  Yes, it is THAT good. Uematsu obviously selected his absolute best work for inclusion in this CD. In fact, you might recognize some of the melodies included here in games released many years after Phantasmagoria (hint: FFX). The arrangements are not overly elaborate, the overall mood of the record is somewhat depressing, and some of the samples he used remind me of an old Casio keyboard, but that is not what matters here. Hell, it's not even that harmonious when played start to finish. It's the emotional content of the individual melodies that makes them so good.Picture yourself sitting down on the floor in front of a balcony window, with half closed curtains that let a little of the orange afternoon sunlight in. You've nothing to think about but of someone you love and can't have with you. If you've ever experienced that, you know it feels as if a sumotori was sitting on your chest. The air refuses to go all the way into your lungs. You wish your heart stopped beating, but you're not sure if its because it is pumping so hard and beating so noisily. And yet, depressed as you are, you're not about to start crying, because it's not a feeling you want to let go.Well, that's Angel Eyes.Remember the happiest moment of your life. Like the first time you heard your son laugh. When your parents took you to the sea as a child. Or simply one of those surreal moments which, in your mind, will always look as if they were illuminated by the brightest white light you can imagine.Well, that's Dogs on the Beach.Even the spirit of the rain is marvelously captured in Ame no Hi.You might not feel so intensely about it when you listen to this music as I did when I bought Phantasmagoria four years ago, but I can assure you that you will, at the very least, like it very much.
 B000059O5K-1 POSITIVO  I received this cd as a bonus with my purchase of the OST for final fantasy tactics, and was a little skepticle at first. I popped it in, heard the first few tracks, and realized right from the start, this album is really good. After several listenings, one finds out just how complex some of uematsu's work is. He writes music that touches the soul in a way very few artists can. This album is great for relaxing, falling asleep to, or just pop it in to your portable cd-player and go on a walk in the evening on a fall day. It has a certain mood that is wonderful.
 B000059O5K-2 POSITIVO  Listening to Revival of a Kind Experience as I woke up today, I sort fell into a trance. I was dazed, I didn't know what was going on, everything seemed distant and surreal... and the next hour just floated right by. I could say that about all these songs, of course, but Revival of a Kind Experience would perhaps fit that description perfectly.Nobuo Uematsu is an absolute genius. He just gets right up in your face and does a number of things; he'll emit the scent of melodious onions into your eyes, he'll tickle your facial features until you're out of breath, or he'll puff a cloud of Fentanyl sleeping gas through your lungs until you doze off into a state of pure, harmonious ecstasy.As you can tell, this guy knows what he's doing.Mirrors: Beautiful. This piece is simply piano, but that's simply adequate. The notes are gorgeous, and everything fits together wonderfully. You'll love this song if you adore the piano like myself.Final Fantasy: Definitely the worst (and only bad) song on the album. The guy's voice just drones on and on meaninglessly, and the music just makes it worse. I guess you could say the music and his voice are almost too well-aligned.A Rainy Day, The Children: Dazzling. It's a strange, surreal melody, followed by a woman's voice-which, I might add, contributes much value to the song, despite the fact that she's just a talker.The Small That Was Left Behind: A lot like A Rainy Day, except the woman's voice isn't very pleasing in this one.Dogs on the Beach: Delightfully happy! It makes you want to get up and dance, and go running around on a playground of some sort. To receive the highest amount of value from this song, associate the music with a childhood memory, or an adulthood memory, or whatever makes you explode with happiness. It works.The Mayan People: Unfortunately, I'm no musician, so I can't identify this specific instrument at the beginning... but I can say this much: It sounds amazing. Very calm and peaceful; it works wonders.Phantasmagoria: I haven't heard a song quite like this before. It almost resembles a video game-like song... but it's about twenty times bettter than what I usually hear. This would work well in Final Fantasy, I must say.Revival of a Kind Experience: My absolute favorite song. It's just brilliant. The basic description is pretty much what I said on top.Angel Hands: Kind of depressing, and probably the only melancholy song on this album. Still beautiful though... and it's not so depressing that you have to switch to another tune.Deep Blue Sea: It's better than Final Fantasy, but not quite as good as the rest. It's lacking meaning, somehow. I can't identify with it.
 B000059O5K-3 POSITIVO  Nobuo Uematsu, the ledgendary composer of Final Fantasy music departs from his FF roots and goes synth music in &quot;Phantasmagoria&quot;. After to listning to alot of Final Fantasy OST's and then this, you can tell how wide of a range Uematsu-san has. I'd reccommend this to anyone who enjoys Uematsu's Final Fantasy music and would like to hear the music Ueamtsu loves. I'd sum up the CD by saying it is very relaxing: From the soothing Japanese voice of &quot;Deep Ocean: Blue&quot; to the childish melody of &quot;Dogs on The Beach&quot;, Phantasmagoria is a CD for all who love Uematsu to buy
 B000059O5K-4 POSITIVO  As you probably already know, Nobuo Uematsu is the genius that has composed the music for most Final Fantasy games(except for X-2). This cd is his independant work, completely unrelated to his game music(except for the last piece, which I think is the FF4 main theme, but I don't remember clearly).This cd is proof of Nobuo's talent and genius as a composer. The music on this cd is deep, rich, and full of emotion. The songs are mostly slower ones(think of the Zanarkand or Macalania Woods themes, and you have some idea of the style), though "Dogs on the Beach" has a good amount of life in it. Instruments used include woodwinds, light string instruments, and piano.The music is simply beautiful. However, one thing that I was not aware of(and why it got a 4 instead of 5 from me), is that there are Japanese lyrics in half the songs(the other half is purely instrumental). And for most of them, it sounds like they are reading poetry along with the music rather than singing(note that "Final Fantasy" has an energetic singer accompanying the song). I don't mind the lyrics, its just that they are in Japanese and I have no idea what they are saying :). The music behind those particular pieces is still excellent, and I would have preferred that it be purely instrumental, but unfortunately it wasn't.Somewhat expensive, but if you are a Nobuo fan and dont mind Japanese lyrics, this is an awesome cd.
 B000059O5K-5 POSITIVO  Nobuo Uematsu, the great composer of Final Fantasy music, has done it again! This music flows with beauty and excellence that is awe inspiring and full of that special touch that he has become quite known for...If you want a good buy, then get this CD
 B000059O5K-6 POSITIVO  If you like Uematsu and you can tolerate synth music, I highly recommend this CD.
 B000001DSJ-0 POSITIVO  I've had this CD for a while now, and I still play it in heavy rotation.. At first, I was a little hesistant to buy this CD because I hadn't really heard much about him.. But Reign's infectious Hip-Hop/Carribean/Salsa/Merengue beats kept me coming back for more.. This CD has many different moods, from smooth and sexy (&quot;Touch and Play&quot;) to borderline thuggin' (&quot;Indestructible&quot;).. Reign's lyrics come off very well in English as well as Spanish..He's definetely an artists with suprising potential. Be sure to pick this one up everyone... If you like artists like Maxwell, Olu, Rahsaan Patterson, or D'Angelo, as well as Latin &amp; Carribean style music, you'll definately love REIGN.-JOHNBLAZE
 B000001DSJ-1 POSITIVO  It's a great Cd, great school of the 90's ( 1996 ) Great music and mega professional sound for the time. Touch and play, 1,000 miles, girls, Indestructible and also the re-version of Tu Pun pun from the General of Panama is very good stuff. Muy bueno se los recomiendo aquellos que quieren escuchar y tener algo diferente, un estilo fino.
 B000001DSJ-2 POSITIVO  This cd is one of my favorites...i've had it for a long time now and listen to it constantly! i just wish i can find more info on this artist!! Does anyone know more info on REIGN????
 B000001DSJ-3 POSITIVO  I dont understand why we never heard anything else from Reign, this CD was very good for that time, even today the songs are wonderful.
 B000001DSJ-4 POSITIVO  This cd is impossible to find and I've had it for a long time. You cant even find the songs on the internet to download. Touch &amp; Play is a classic song, it reminds me of the summer. This cd is a must. Good luck finding it.
 B000001DSJ-5 POSITIVO  This CD is a must have if you like a touch of R&amp;B in your Reggae. &quot;Touch and Play&quot; Is a definent belle of this ball. And when Reign collaborates with the lovely Amel Leruille (Sp?),the former lead vocals for Groove Theroy, together they make gold! With these great beats and soft rhythems, Indestructible is a magnificent treat.
 B000001DSJ-6 POSITIVO  Can you say pure sexuality? Reign...Not only do his beats move you, but Reign's vocals will bring you to your knees.....He delivers with such passion &amp; strength...&amp; his soulful lyrics transcend you - whether he talking about real Life or real Love. The diversity of his style will appeal to all genres -Rap, R&amp;B, Latin, Pop &amp; Soul. Reign combines the freshness of Latin &amp; Caribbean move with smooth R&amp;B groove &amp; hip-hop originality, without being corny.....&amp; it doesn't hurt that he's fine as hell. This album will not disappoint you, but it may make you a fan... Like R.Kelly, Silk, &amp; Joe, Reign is the artist that will have you fiending for his next release......
 B000001FE0-0 POSITIVO  This double CD is, to me, the BEE GEES equivalent of the Beatles White album. It is composed of a diversity of musical styles and contains bits of psychedelia. The compositions are very Beatlesque and infused with great harmonies and fine melodies. If you enjoyed the BEE GEES' first album, this will also be a treat!
 B000001FE0-1 POSITIVO  This album was the ultimate expression of the 1960's Bee Gees sound which Robin Gibb called "Symphonic Pop". Don't overpay for a used copy of this now-deleted disc, because I've got some great news for you fans: on January 12,2009, Reprise Records will release a Deluxe "40th Anniversary" 3-CD edition of the album, including the original album in both its' stereo and (unreleased in America) mono mixes, plus a 3rd disc containing 23 previously unreleased selections, including demos, alternate takes,alternate mixes,two unreleased songs("Nobody's Someone" & "Pity") and a promotional radio spot. The new set will reproduce the original "flocked"(I.E. velvet-textured) album cover of the original 1969 L.P.
 B000001FE0-2 POSITIVO  Yes, I agree with another reviewer...this album is the Bee Gees' equivilant to The Beatles' white album.Odessa is double the size of the Brothers Gibb's first three international releases, and has some fabulous music on it. Some of their best singing is on these 2 discs (now conveniently stored on 1 compact disc). Many types of music is presented on this album including rock, soft ballads, country, and it contains a few classical-influenced instrumentals as well.Highlights include the opening 7 minute title track opus, Marley Purt Drive, Melody Fair, Suddenly, and the semi-hit First of May.Bottom Line: For some great early Bee Gees, along with their first album, I recommend this classic album.
 B000001FE0-3 POSITIVO  I bought this on 8 track tape when it was first released. I spent about 10 milliseconds deciding to buy the CD. Few albums stick in your mind for over 30 years, this is one. I can't wait for it to arrive.
 B000001FE0-4 POSITIVO  This is hands down the best Bee Gees album. It once wasn't so easy to skip through songs when they were on vinyl. On CD, I find that this is one of the least &quot;skipped through&quot; albums that I own. In fact, it wins the prize as being the first CD I have ever had to replace because of wear and tear! I know the impact that the Beatles had on music of this era, but they never did anything this good. What distinguishes the Bee Gees is the color, depth, emotion and diversity that marks their songs. Odessa is a prime example of that.
 B000001FE0-5 POSITIVO  &quot;Odessa&quot; is an album that I listen to over and over again. This, in my opinion, is The Bee Gees at their finest. I especially like &quot;Lamplight&quot;, &quot;First Of May&quot;, and &quot;Melody Fair&quot;. This CD is for anyone who appreciates music. They don't make 'em like this anymore. Also recommended are &quot;Bee Gees 1ST&quot;, &quot;Horizontal&quot; and &quot;Idea&quot;.
 B000001FE0-6 POSITIVO  ONE OF THE ALL TIME BEAUTIFUL AND HAUNTING WORKS I HAVE EVER HEARD. THE MUSIC WILL TAKE YOU ON A JOURNEY THAT WILL ALWAYS BE WITH YOU. THIS IS A MASTERPIECE. COULD THIS REALLY BE THE BEE GEES?
 B000001FE0-7 POSITIVO  I've waited far too long in tackling Odessa! A very ambitious review I'm sure. The over the top, red felt and gold impressed 1968 double LP says it all about this album-Barry, Robin, and Maurice's ambitions, talents, and conflicts all rolled into one. Fans in the know recall that this album is what briefly split the group in the late sixties and early seventies. The concept that was too big for the Brothers Gibb. Dang.The album is supposed to tell the story of a man shipwrecked, and each song is to represent him telling his tales of life and loves lost. Odessa with it's parenthesis (City on the Black Sea) opens the concept smoothly. At over seven minutes in length, the title song sets the mood for the wavy waters we are about to traverse. My mom hates this song's repetitions and ups and downs and seemingly stupid lyrics. It took awhile for it to grow on me, but the twists and turns make sense if the music is to tell the destruction of the HMS Veronica. Robins croaky delivery of the title makes me want to turn blue. Where does he get that much air?You'll Never See My Face Again is much shorter than Odessa, and Barry's delivery is smooth. Already we're seeing the multiple personality of this album. Odessa is quintessential orchestral pop, and You'll Never See My Face Again is a touch of sardonic country. Can we boil it down directly to Barry versus Robin? Maybe.Robin returns for Black Diamond, and he is much more listener friendly this time around. The poetic lyrics make more sense than Odessa, and Diamond is just the right length. The ending turns into a bit of Auld Lang Syne. I'm not sure why the boys chose to do so, but it's unexpected and well done.If you want truly sardonic country than Marley Purt Drive is for you. The story in this one has all the honest details, and Barry's voice fits the ho-hum routine. The kicker at the end is a real topper. You can't help but sing along and smile during Marley Purt Drive. I must not spoil it! Must not!At first I thought Edison was kind of stupid and would skip over it. Do I really want to hear an ode to Thomas Edison? No. Even with the content snafu, Edison has its moments in Barry and Robin's lead. They break up the monotony and keep the bland subject fresh. The placement of Edison might also hurt it. It's got tough competition before and after.Melody Fair is incredible. The strings and echoes and story all combine superbly for a tear jerking dang good song. Who is Melody? Is she the lost sailor`s woman? Or was she a missed chanced never to be realized? It`s sad either way, and all this is reflected in a different way each turn around. Brilliant. (We've also reviewed Melody Fair on Best of Volume 2.)I actually have several sound bites from Odessa on my computer and Suddenly is one of them. Somewhere here in the middle the concept gets wishy washy and we're left with a song for each brother. Suddenly is Maurice's trippy track. Once again he seems short on actual lyrics, but what little is said is brass, if you catch my drift. My mom didn't mind me singing it in public until I got to the `How can you tell humans are real?' line. Just the noises Mo makes in this one are worth the listen, especially his Oh yeah!Whisper Whisper starts off slow and quickly picks up into a swinging sixties tune. It reminds me of Hullabaloo, although I don't know why. My sister caught part of Whisper in my car one day, and said ,"Ew, Kristin. What a horrible song!" Whisper's orchestral music mixed with British pop is sharp to me. The drums and sound effects are tops. Whisper Whisper also has some raunchy lyrics. Sex, drugs, and rock and roll! I suppose it takes a special ear to enjoy Odessa all together. ;0)My Mom hates Lamplight. Robin's creaky voice can take some getting used to, but my mom says its nails on a chalkboard! The story lyrics are great, and the tone perfectly captures those old fashioned thoughts of quills and inkwells. The chorus is strong, and the three part harmony carries to the end. All the Robin songs here seem to carry the shipwreck concept. His woe is me voice is just meant for such melancholy drabble. I'm not so sure Barry is even on this track. The echoes might just be over dubs. The closing echoes might drag on too long as well, but they sound pretty.Barry definitely makes his presence known for Sound of Love. The soul ballad is the first of two Baz slow songs presented. The words tug at your heartstrings, and Barry's voice matches perfectly with the ups and downs in the music. A very under appreciated song.Currently my computer opens with Give Your Best. The snappy dialogue and banter show the fun side of the boys, although I wonder how forced the track was, considering they hated each other at the time. The ironic lyrics are very sing along, even for those of us who don't like country. I have no clue how this song would fit in with the lost concept!The Seven Seas Symphony is an instrumental that captures everything Barry, Robin, and Maurice wanted to say in its 4 minutes of non lyrics. The opening is soft and beautiful. The oooos and aaaahhhhs in the middle help accentuate the up and down composition and that shipwrecked feeling. I am really hung up on the shipwreck! I love playing Odessa's instrumentals for my classical music friends. They are wowed and ask who it is, and I am more than happy to share this underutilized facet of the Brothers Gibb.With All Nations (and I can't forget the parenthesis International Anthem!) continues the more orchestral and less pop begun in the Seven Seas Symphony. Not as ominous, Nations seems happy to start, but its booming ending is a real kicker. The vocals are the same as Symphony, and I'm not sure why these two are listed as separate rather than one big song, since Nations is only 1:42. I often confuse which instrumental is titled what. They all sound like they belong together and in my playlists that is how I play them. The boys could have had a whole `nother career composing ballets. Who knew?I Laugh In Your Face opens with some sort of circus talk. I'm not really sure how this is supposed to tie into the lost concept, but this tune always reminds me of the old fashioned turn of the century circus posters with Death!Defying!Stunts! Another strong chorus with harmony and top notch music. What is the rest of the song talking about? Does it really matter? It's amazing how I think I can absolutely hate a song, and then the boys bring in one single hook that can make me listen to a whole crappy song. Thankfully, Face isn't crappy.Never Say Never Again is a cute song. The rhyme is stretched by the way the boys say again-stretched to rhyme with Spain! The story isn't really anything new. We've heard love lost melodrama before, but the chorus here is so easy and fun to sing. I'll even let the double negative slide.And now I come to First of May, the song that broke the Brothers Gibb, albeit briefly. Barry's second slow tune was chosen as the single over Robin's Lamplight, and the wounded younger Gibb went solo. I like the opening lines about Christmas trees being tall and kids being small. It reminded me of being a very young child, when the Christmas tree really did seem so huge. Barry's easy tale is soft and moving, yet has some pretty senseless lyrics. Careful, it can bring a tear to one's eye. Is First of May better than Lamplight? I'll leave that one up to you!The British Opera is the closing instrumental and matches the concept and over the top bravado begun in the opening track. The tune is a tight orchestral opus that ends the album with power and impact. I wish With All Nations would have been the closer with its booming ending, but I digress.It is debatable whether Odessa failed in its concept or not. Enough of the story was put into place, and just enough lies undone for the listener to fill in the blanks. Odessa is more of a treat for its look into Barry, Robin, and Maurice both working separately and together. Maybe they did try at a linear album and failed, but the talent of The Brothers is obviously not linear. Odessa displays the multifaceted trio perfectly. The red felt may not last as long as the music, but a must have on CD.
 B000001FE0-8 POSITIVO  This was the first studio album I ever purchased by the Bee Gees. I bought it upon release & have yet to tire of it. It's the best thing they ever did. There were some creative differences, primarily, between Barry & Robin over the direction of this album. This led to a breakup of two years, hence, the title of their next album. Make no mistake, this is one of their best albums; it just barely misses being essential. It's the three orchestrated instrumentals that causes this; they are actually pretty good but the term "filler" jumps out at me. This is their fourth studio album & is quite different from anything they put out at the time. If it weren't for the very distinctive voices of Barry & Robin you probably wouldn't realize that this is the Bee Gees. A very solid piece of creativity.Odessa peaked at #20 on the album charts, this was the worst result for a Bee Gees album to this point. Only one single charted from the album, "First of May", it only went to #37.The album opens with the title song "Odessa (City on the Black Sea)". This starts with a psychedelic style then gets into the song proper. This is one of their most creative songs, one of the highlights of the album. "You'll Never See My Face Again" follows & is a good song. Then comes "Black Diamond" which is also a very good song. Then comes the country music sounding "Marley Purt Drive". The lyrics tell of an orphanage owned by the writer, some of the most humorous ever done by the Bee Gees & is one of my favorite songs on the album. Then comes "Edison", a lyrical tribute to Thomas Alva Edison, the inventor. This song is a serious misstep, one of the worst songs on the album. "Melody Fair" is only an average song, it's an improvement from the previous song, but it's typical Bee Gees pop. "Suddenly" is a rare lead vocal by Maurice & is one of the better songs on the album. "Whisper Whisper" is a weak song, the vocals can get on your nerves. The only thing that elevates the song is the faster section at the end. "Lamplight" has a great melody & could've been a hit. "Sound of Love" is another good song that Barry's vocal shine. "Give Your Best" is another country-sounding song but is a weak song. "Seven Seas Symphony" is the first of three instrumentals on the album. It's performed by a complete orchestra &, as far as I can tell, there aren't any of the brothers performing on it nor on the other two instrumentals. "With All Nations (International Anthem)" is also an orchestra only instrumental. "I Laugh in Your Face" is a highlight of the album with lyrics that don't make complete sense. "Never Say Never Again" is typical Bee Gees pop with a catch melody, this one also could've been released as a single. "First of May" is one of the Bee Gees best songs that has melancholy lyrics, one of the best songs they ever did & should've charted higher than it did. The album closes with the third orchestral instrumental "The British Opera" &, like the previous two instrumentals, it's okay but nothing spectacular.Overall, Odessa is a very enjoyable album, the Bee Gees did some daring songs here that deserve more acclaim & recognition. If you want to hear different facets of the Bee Gees this is the album to start with.
 B000001FE0-9 POSITIVO  Despu&eacute;s de 3 excelentes discos (First-Horizontal-Idea, sin considerar los 2 australianos), los Bee Gees alcanzan su madurez y su punto m&aacute;ximo de creatividad en 1969 con Odessa. En medio de problemas internos que terminar&iacute;an luego en una breve separaci&oacute;n, los hermanos Gibb, Barry con 22 a&ntilde;os y Maurice y Robin con s&oacute;lo 19, entregan en este disco grandes temas con una densidad y orquestaci&oacute;n pocas veces escuchadas antes. Pese a ser un &aacute;lbum doble alcanz&oacute; el puesto 20 en EE.UU. y el 10 en Inglaterra, transform&aacute;ndose en el &uacute;ltimo &eacute;xito de su etapa &quot;cl&aacute;sica&quot; (1969-1973). Entre las canciones la m&aacute;s destacada es Odessa, que con siete minutos y medio demostr&oacute; que ellos tambi&eacute;n pod&iacute;an hacer largos y elaborados temas sin caer en la monoton&iacute;a. Resaltan tambien Melody Fair, I Laugh In Your Face y Never Say Never Again, aunque en realidad casi todas las canciones aportan, tal vez los 3 temas instrumentales sean excesivos, pero al mismo tiempo le dan a Odessa ese toque monumental que el tiempo se ha encargado de reforzar. No s&oacute;lo el mejor trabajo de los Bee Gees, sino uno de los mejores del Pop de los a&ntilde;os 60's.
 B000001FE0-10 POSITIVO  Considered the Bee Gees most Psychedelic album, it also often condsidered one of their best. I honestly don't see why. There are some memorable tracks, but I usually find myself skipping through most of them. In all their years of writing and releasing material, the Bee Gees know how to make a good album. "Odessa", however, proves to be a mistake that was learned from. The Brothers themselves have said that the album should have never been made. As the last album that they released before the highly publicized break-up, "Odessa" is missing something. It's hard to pinpoint what that missing element is, but I don't think that the Brothers put their all into making this album. Among a collection of mostly mediocre tracks lie a few gems, such as, "Marly Purt Drive", "Melody Fair", "Suddenly", "Lamplight" and "Give Your Best". I wouldn't recommend this album to a new Bee Gees fan, being that it's not by any stretch their best work, but any die-hard fan, like myself, can appreciate something off of this CD...
 B000001FE0-11 NEGATIVO  I been busy and want to tell you that there is a defect in the cd 3 songs do not play how can i return for a new cd? this is the first time i ordered and will be my last. very disappointed
 B000001FE0-12 NEGATIVO  I loved them as disco-players, when I was young... I was "too young" when they were "love-song players", but they were "great" by same two ways...
 B000001FE0-13 POSITIVO  I'm in agreement with the unanimous reviews: this is one of the Bee Gees best efforts, and my personal favorite (a close second to &quot;Cucumber Castle&quot;).To anyone who has derogatorily and incorrectly defined the Bee Gees (and there are many) as a disco phenomenon, listen to this CD and realize what true fans have come to embrace about the group. The music and lyrics are lush, complex...the harmonies and arrangements, simply beautiful.Though this concept album was riddled with production/creative issues that resulted in a less than ideal conceptual release, there remains a cohesive element that makes it a success nonetheless. Several reviewers have commented that some of the tracks were not conceptual and were added to the album more or less as filler, resulting in a &quot;missing element&quot; feel to the album. For me, this has added to the mystery and mood of the album: (i.e., why would a shipwrecked sailor think about &quot;Edison&quot;...why not??).Whatever the history of this album, it is a masterpiece and in a class by itself. It achieves a beautiful yet melancholy mood that makes you feel like you are living in the sea-faring past of old England, each song a voyage in itself.
 B000001FE0-14 POSITIVO  Maybe the most ambitious Bee Gees album? There is certainly some wonderful late 60s pop here. Originally released in 1969 as a double LP with luxurious gold lettering on faux red velvet foldout cover. The seven and a half minute title track is a mini-suite that's almost worth the price of admission in itself. There are also well integrated country influences (like everyone else they were listening to The Band), heartbreaking melodies worthy of Abba at their best, Spectoresque layer cakes of melody and grandeur, trippy Beach Boys influenced harmonies, and much much more. Does it all hold together as a cohesive whole? No, not really but there are so many fine things here that any self respecting explorer of '60s pop at it's most imaginative, owes it to themselves to delve within.
 B000001FE0-15 POSITIVO  When 1968 came to a close for The Bee Gees, they were becoming more confident as a group. Especially with their performing and songwriting abilities, which had been improving greatly. The Brothers Gibb were looking to conquer more ground in 1969 and they decided their next album would be their biggest yet. A giant lushly produced concept album with orchestration and music of various styles. It looked promising but sadly the production of this album was a major mistake in the Bee Gees career. First of all lead guitarist Vince Melouney left the group in December of 1968, unhappy with the direction The Bee Gees were taking. Though it was a friendly parting, things only went from bad to worse. Robin and Barry were constantly fighting in the studio and when Robert Stigwood chose Barry's single (over Robin's) for release that's when Robin jumped ship as well. The dwindling number of band members really effected the production of 'Odessa'. It went from a group attempt at a very promising concept album to Barry, Maurice and drummer Colin Peterson (who left in June of 1969) just trying to finish something that was suitable for release. It's amazing how well this album turned out after all the problems during production. Odessa turned out completely different then it was intended. As a concept album it's a misreable failure, but as a collection of great songs (each great on their own), Odessa is a great album.The qualtiy of the music is what saved Odessa from completely bombing and today it is considered the best of their 60's albums. Some wonderful music here. It really showed the Bee Gees musical talents were maturing. The hauntingly beautiful title track ODESSA (CITY ON THE BLACK SEA) opened the album with a tragic feel. YOU'LL NEVER SEE MY FACE AGAIN was another lovely ballad by Barry which fit well into the concept album form. BLACK DIAMOND is one of Robin's finest vocal performances. I love his harmonies near the end of the song. MARELY PURT DRIVE is one of my favourites. The Bee Gees attempt at country rock and quite successful I might add. This should have been a single. It's obvious that EDISON was a concept album song but it's mysterious why the Gibbs recorded a song about the inventor. Nonetheless Barry and Robin's vocals on this one are wonderful on this somewhat jazzy tune. MELODY FAIR is another excellent song that should have been released as a single in America. Maurice's SUDDENLY is a nice upbeat tune that really stands out on this somewhat dark album. WHISPER WHISPER is nothing special until the drum break and bass speed up and by that time the song's almost over. Two more favourites of mine, SOUND OF LOVE and I LAUGH IN YOUR FACE are some of the albums best and strongest songs. Whereas GIVE YOUR BEST is a ridiculous country rck novelty tune that is quite flat. NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN is a powerful pop rock tune. FIRST OF MAY and LAMPLIGHT were the contenders for that album's first and only single and the cause for Barry and Robin's fight. Both songs are strong and wonderful but personally I think Barry's FIRST OF MAY is more appropriate for a single. As for the three orchestra pieces SEVENS SEAS SYMPHONY, WITH ALL NATIONS (INTERNATIONAL ANTHEM) and THE BRITISH OPERA. Well these are beautifully arranged pieces of music but would have fit better on an actual concept album rather than this collection of more or less singles. Still these are worth a listen.Overall Odessa is a wonderful album. Personally I don't think it's their best album from the 60's (The Bee Gees 1st has that honour in my opinion). However it still has some of the best music ever produced from that era of the Gibb's career. It's truly a shame this album was never completed as the intended concept album yet we still have these songs which are wonderful on their own. And afterall The Bee Gees were far from over. This album was merely a learning experience for them. They would reunite again and produce a handful of wonderful records in the years to come. Highly recommended!
 B000001FE0-16 POSITIVO  I found this album in my dad's collection of cassettes that he no longer listened to back in the mid-eighties when I was just beginning my tape collection. I had long been a fan of the Beatles and had dismissed the BeeGees as just a stupid disco band (I was not as open-minded when I was 15 as I am now...because their &quot;disco&quot; period albums such as &quot;Main Course&quot; and &quot;Saturday Night Fever&quot; are pretty great albums in their own right). However, when I first heard this album coming out of my stereo, I was astounded at just how interesting it was.I love those albums that you can play and transport you to another place for an hour or so...Such is definitely the case with this album. From the very opening orchestral flourish of the title track you are being whisked away to far away seas. Ethereal compositions like the lush and beautiful &quot;Edison&quot; and the instrumental orchestral songs such as &quot;Seven Seas Symphony&quot;, &quot;With All Nations&quot; and &quot;The British Opera&quot; continue the journey. Along the way, you get an album full of catchy, well-sung pop songs.Favorite songs on this album include &quot;Odessa&quot;, the song that begins this epic album, is an oddyssey in itself; &quot;Marley Purt Drive&quot; is catchy, funny and just makes you feel good; &quot;Melody Fair&quot; is a pretty song and makes me think of a sixties model, whether or not that was the intent; &quot;Suddenly&quot; has a mysterious quality and to this listener, at least, the singing sounds just like John Lennon; &quot;I Laugh In Your Face&quot; is a beautiful, melancholy song and interesting in that it expresses a non-conformist rebellious attitude in a slow number.In sum, this album is extremely well crafted, well sung and well played. Sometimes the lyrics seem a bit shallow, but that's a minor complaint for me since the music itself is so good (and I tend to hear the music first and then the lyrics anyway, so it's not that big a deal for me...); and it can be seen as a bit derivative of other sixties groups such as the Beatles and the post-1967 Moody Blues...but all in all THIS IS A VERY GOOD ALBUM. RECOMMENDED!
 B000001FE0-17 POSITIVO  There's a stigma about the bee gees that is pretty unjust... Let us all forget about &quot;disco&quot; for a few minutes and pick up &quot;Odessa&quot;, an ambitious and strange psychedelic album on par with Love's &quot;Forever Changes&quot; or the Zombies' &quot;odyssey and Oracle&quot;. This album, along with &quot;first&quot;, &quot;horizontal&quot; and &quot;idea&quot; show a musical ability and craftsmanship beyond the Gibbs' years. &quot;Black Diamonds&quot; is so filled with longing... This album is brilliant. BRILLIANT.
 B000001FE0-18 POSITIVO  Absolutely beautiful music is one way to describe this masterpeice that i'm sure few people have heard (Let me fathom a guess Hmmm...maybe because it's by the bee gees!)I read that jay fergueson from local has beens sloan (double live Phew!!)enjoyed this record and i had always been interested in the early bee gees so i promptly picked up.Didn't care for it much first time around,but then heard &quot;melody fair&quot; again on some best of compilation.And then it hit me like a ton o'bricks.Unadulterated power pop masterpeice!So please follow suit and get it!And when u put it in your machine press the program button and program it the following way.&quot;never see my face&quot;,&quot;marley purt..&quot;edison&quot;,&quot;melody..&quot;,&quot;suddenly&quot;,&quot;whisper..&quot;,&quot;lamplight&quot;,&quot;first of may&quot;,2nd time round play the whole thing &amp; be swept away by this record of absolute beauty
 B000001FE0-19 POSITIVO  Bee Gees late 60's period is my favorite time for them. This album stands out the most of what made the 60's Bee Gees so awesome. Combining Baroque Pop with psychedelic sounds and doing it so well. They even got 3 classical instrumentals on here. All very enjoyable to listen to. I could do without the 2 country songs though. Some of the standout tracks on here include "Odessa (City on the Black Sea)", "You'll Never See My Face Again", "Melody Fair", "Lamplight", "Sound of Love", "I laugh in Your Face", "First of May", and the instrumental "Seven Seas Symphony". Other albums (Sgt Pepper goes without saying) of this genre that are also great include Beach Boys "Pet Sounds", The Zombies "Odessey and Oracle", Moody Blues "Days of Future Passed", Procol Harum "A Whiter Shade of Pale", The Left Banke "There's Gonna Be a Storm", and the Kinks "Village Green Preservation of Society". I suggest getting the remastered version though.
 B000001FE0-20 POSITIVO  The day this lp was first released I wasn't born so, many years later I bought a regular reissue lp of Odessa and always dreaming to have one of this in his original velvet cover. The only way to find one of this odessa velvet cover was on ebay, of course, all used and sell it for $100 or plus. Thanks to Rhino this is possible now, the lp sounds magnificent and the cover in his true original velvet cover and the original inside picture are just amazing. In the moment I receive it I love it, now I keep it safe with the Wall lp and Live After Death lp, my three little music treasures! Thanks a lot Rhino!!!!!!!!!
 B000001FE0-21 POSITIVO  As a huge fan of the Brothers Gibb, I have every album/cd they have ever released commercially, and this is by far their crowning achievement. &quot;Odessa&quot; is a magnum opus full of richly melodic and exquisitely beautiful songs. The haunting title track gives me goose bumps every time I hear the opening andending verses. &quot;Lamplight&quot; is one of the Bee Gees' most gorgeous and vocally complex songs, with Robin showcasing his unique and trademark &quot;drainpipe&quot; vibrato to its fullest extent.And &quot;Odessa&quot; contains my two all-time favorite Bee Gees songs: &quot;Melody Fair&quot; &amp; &quot;First of May&quot;. &quot;Melody Fair&quot; has, unquestionably and without a doubt, the most beautiful, well, melody I have ever heard in a pop song. It conveys an air of childlike innocence more perfectly than any other song I've ever heard. And &quot;First of May&quot; is a beautifully written and arranged vignette, telling an achingly poignant tale of love and loss. This song holds the distinction of being the second song that ever made me cry the first time I heard it; the first being&quot;She's Leaving Home&quot; by the Beatles. &quot;Odessa&quot; is also the first and only Bee Gees album to showcase instrumental songs: &quot;Seven Seas Symphony&quot;, &quot;With All Nations&quot; and &quot;The British Opera.&quot; Simply put, I ADORE this album.
 B000001FE0-22 POSITIVO  This is by far the most artistically advanced album ever released by the Brothers. Each song sounds different, yet there is a common theme that links each track into a terrific concept album. Songs like WHISPER WHISPER, SUDDENLY, EDISON and GIVE YOUR BEST are like nothing that has been recorded before or since. Psychedelic, Folky, Bluesy, Jazzy, and often dreary, this is an album that would change the minds of Bee-Gee nay-sayers if only they would give it a chance. Everything, right down to the red velvet cover, make this album an absolute gem. An all-around artistic triumph!
 B000001FE0-23 POSITIVO  I love the music and most of the songs. I use to listen to the music back in the late 60's and early 70's. I like it then and I still do.
 B000001FE0-24 POSITIVO  Very happy to have been able to get a CD of this album. We originally bought it on vinyl many years ago and loved it. Great service and delivery on time.
 B000001FE0-25 POSITIVO  Best remembered (and justifiably so) for disco anthems like "Stayin' Alive" and "Night Fever", The Bee Gees had actually been recording for at least a decade prior to that. This album is more of a pop-rock album, but with some unusual instrumentation and deep, dark, and profound subject matter not often found in mainstream music (even during that time). Songs like "Edison" and the title track are dark and haunting, while ones like "Melody Fair" and "Suddenly" are somewhat less lyrically profound, but all of the songs are extremely well-written and performed.
 B000001FE0-26 POSITIVO  Please put this out on SACD immediately! This would be my absolute favorite on 5.1.
 B000001FE0-27 POSITIVO  Bought this on vinyl in about 1968. It's a completely different sound from what the Bee Gees became after they discovered disco.
 B000001FE0-28 POSITIVO  Great melodies, great engineering and production. Nothing the Bee Gees have ever done generates more of their creative sensibilities (musically and lyrically) than songs such as ODESSA, Lamplight, Black Diamond and Melody Fair.
 B000001FE0-29 POSITIVO  This album shows what truly made the Bee Gees great and that they stood on their own merit of great songs and wonderful productions. This album is their Crowning Achievement of the 4 they would release in the 1960's in only a short 2 year period! This remaster was done wonderfully and even has the original red velvet cover with the big gold lettering of the original. As an earlier reviewer stated, this album definitely got the royal treatment! From a historical perspective, Odessa was such a strong statement by the band and was one of three epic double albums released that year by a British Band, the other 2 being "Tommy" by the Who and "White" album as it's called by the Beatles.Although never really thought of in this way, the Bee Gees were a part of the last wave of the "British Invasion" bands and were, even at their young age, contemporaries of the other bands such as the Beatles, Rolling Stones, Who, Yardbirds, etc. This album was the one that there manager, Robert Stigwood, really wanted to be a kind of "statement" album. The band was growing up and their songs and sound, already incredible, were becoming more mature and evolving. The comparisions to the Beatles have always been uncalled for in my opinion as I have always felt that the brothers had a sound and style of writing that was uniquely theirs.Barry & Robin Gibb, in my opinion, were every bit the writers as Lennon/McCartney or Townshend/Entwhistle or Jaggar/Richards and this album is proof of how intricate and diverse their songs could be. The epic title track shows their strong ability to "story tell" as they take us on a journey across the atlantic ocean. Then you have songs with a country fell such as "Marley Purt Drive" to the folk sounding "Melody Fair" to the bouncy "Suddenly" amongst others. Maurice Gibbs wonderful talent for writing melodies and being able to play multiple instruments really comes through strong as well.This album really showed that the "boys" were growing up musically, at the time of its release, Barry was 22 and Robin and Maurice 19. Unfortunately, after the release of this album, problems arose to the point that Robin left the band and the next album was recorded without him. Fortunately for us, their fans, he would return after a brief hiatus and they would then begin the second phase of their incredible careers. That being said, Odessa was truly the Crown Jewel of the early phase of their careers and a wonderful album, fresh and clean, all these years later.
 B000001FE0-30 POSITIVO  This is a very good value for your money. Especialy nowadays. It looks like there is trend for (partialy) return of the vinyl record. All in all I'm very glad that I purchased this record.
 B000001FE0-31 POSITIVO  Reminds me of David Bowie's first album except with a more old English style sound.
 B000001FE0-32 POSITIVO  During a strenuous time for the brothers Gibb, they managed to make an instant classic. Strange arrangements and lyrics (thanks mainly to Robin)spun together with a solid cohesiveness of beautiful harmonies and great, mature songwriting. The Bee Gees were at their musical peak. The orchestral opener, about a ship lost at sea sets the tone where everything musical is possible. "Marley Purt Drive" could have been written by Robbie Robertson(but it wasn't). The odd rocking arrangement of "Whisper Whisper" must have been adopted by Elvis Costello for his "Trust" album. And "Melody Fair" is just....gorgeous. Arguably, the best Bee Gees song out there. Maybe Odessa's oddness turned many people off. This is an album that samples so many genres. So many artists have tried to record an album like this and have failed. Not the Bee Gees. This is truly an under appreciated but appealing album.
 B000001FE0-33 NEUTRO  Originally titled Masterpeace, this concept album was going to be the Gibb's grand statement, ala Sgt. Pepper or Tommy. It eventually fell apart amid Barry and Robin's battling egos. We are left contemplating what might have been. Lot's of lovely songs are contained here. The haunting title track, Robin's Lamplight and Black Diamond, Barry's First of May, Marley Purt Drive and You'll Never See My Face Again all rank up there with the Gibb's better-known early material. The psuedo classical pieces might have worked had the original concept come to pass, but over time the three orchestral pieces have not worn well. They would have been better served to edit the original album down to a single LP. In the end, Odessa can be catagorized as a noble failure...one half of a great album. IT did show that the Gibb's could be more that 3 minute tunesmiths and could hold their own as the face of pop music became more album oriented. Unfortunatly the Odessa experience would spook the Gibb's from never attempting anything this ambitious again. Too Bad. This album screams to be remastered...while Universal is at it why not issue it with a replica of it's original red flocked gatefold cover...that would be worth an extra star in itself.
 B000001FE0-34 POSITIVO  The Gibb brothers were, to many of us 60's folks, somewhat like the Moody Blues, early PFloyd and of course THE Fab Four. Odessa remains a milestone, a true super achievement... among those recordings of that period. Too bad ...the "disco" thing strayed many musicians from their great writing and musicality, including some R.Stone and S.Winwood recordings. For us who never cared for any disco, we diehard BG fans appreciate their BG 1st, Horizontal, Idea, and their "Sgt Pepper" or their peak of their career , the legendary ODESSA. A real classic !!
 B000001FE0-35 POSITIVO  Any true Bee Gees fan and collector wouldn't be caught without this one. Their music in this one has an up tempo.
 B000001FE0-36 POSITIVO  ODESSA IS A GOOD BEE GEES ALBUM I LIKE IT BARRY ROBIN MAURICE SOUND SO GOOD ON IT I GAVE IT 5 STARS!FROM KIRSTEN
 B000001FE0-37 NEUTRO  What really gets me about this album is , why would a great group like the BeeGees write "Seven Seas Symphony", "With All Nations", and "The British Opera"? They're just classical tunes! That's 3 songs less out of the 17 right there. And there's no reason for "Odessa" to be almost 8 minutes long because the tune ain't that great. The only good part of the song is when Robin is singing normally from "Cherub" on, and the chorus is okay, too. "You'll Never See My Face Again", again, is too long for an okay tune. "Black Diamond" was written pretty well, and I like the interesting souns of "Edison". But how about "Marley Purt Drive"? It's like an old folk song, and I'm definitely not that type. The babyish "Melody Fair" is actually a song I love. "Suddenly" is Maurice's song, and very well-written. "Whisper Whisper" is a song I would dump. What's it supposed to mean? The tune is awful. "Lamplight" I got used to and now enjoy it. Other than the square dancy "Give Your Best", the remaining 4 songs on this cd are beautiful. I'm surprised "Sound Of Love" ain't a hit. "I Laugh In Your Face" is a comic song that I really enjoy and love. "Never Say Never Again" also lights a fuse, but what does Robin mean when he says "You said goodbye, I declared war on Spain"? And "First Of May" is a beautiful slow hit. So for 17 songs (14 in my opinion), Odessa is an album you might wanna take a look at.
 B000001FE0-38 POSITIVO  ODESSA,released in 1969,was a 2 LP set,now available on a single compact disc. My late uncle,a huge Bee Gees fan,never owned this album. My copy is second hand,because I got this at a garage sale years ago. The only hit from the album is FIRST OF MAY which would appear on 2001's THEIR GREATEST HITS-THE RECORD. The LP jacket was beautifully crafted. I love the solid red velvet. It was at this point in the history of the group that brothers Barry,Robin and Maurice Gibb carried on as a trio. This would last until Maurice's death in January 2003. There are three instrumental tracks on this album. They are SEVEN SEAS SYMPHONY,WITH ALL NATIONS and THE BRITISH OPERA.
 B000001FE0-39 NEUTRO  From all BeeGees albums, I would say this one makes you the most curious once you purchase it. Songs like Never Say Never Again, Suddenly, First of May, Sound of Love, and Melody Fair are incredible. But the rest of the songs make it sound like they just sat down in their studio and whatever popped into their head, they produced right away. But some of the songs are still pretty good. Those three classical tunes I really don't listen to. But not a bad cd for 17 songs.
 B000001FE0-40 NEGATIVO  How can there be a Sgt. Pepper-like 60s concept album from a famous band, that you've never heard of? The answer is simple... because it's mostly godawful. The same inadvertently hilarious attempt at seeming serious that made the Gibbs' acting in Sgt. Pepper a worldwide joke is on display here in galumphingly hamhanded and far too clearly enunciated lyrics on subjects like the circus and being lost at sea, set to lushly overblown orchestrations that would make an easy-listening station seem unplugged. All that could be forgiven as 60s naivete if the album were actually tuneful, but even the best-known song, Melody Fair, doesn't quite rise to the catchiness of Bee Gees hits like New York Mining Disaster 1941 or Massachusetts. All in all, Odessa suggests what the Beatles would have been like with three Pauls and no John or George, or maybe a Paul, an Art Garfunkel and a Dennis Wilson.
 B000001FE0-41 NEGATIVO  Except for the red velvet cover and &quot;Edison,&quot; this album does not have anything to redeem it. It IS technically advanced for its era, and many of the advancements were put to good use by other artists. However, the brothers themselves didn't seem to grasp the possibilities in front of them. Keep in mind, this album sold so poorly that many hundreds of original pressings were melted down in order to reuse the vinyl for other albums. There is good reason.
 B000001FE0-42 POSITIVO  This album was originally supposed to be a 'concept' work for the Brothers Gibb. Though it may not have finished to be what the Gibbs had originally intended, it stands to be one of their finest works ever.In retrospect, I believe this work is highly important. First, it proves that 'pre-disco' as well as 'post-disco'life existed (exists) for the Bee Gees.The melodies (Odessa, You'll Never See My Face Again, Sound of Love, Whisper Whisper, Lamplight etc.)display a unique blend of R&amp;B, classical rock and 'Beatlesque' sound that only the Gibbs could produce. The melodies and harmonies (as well as the orchestrial blendings) are absolutely stunning.Much of this album reminds me of The Moody Blues and Electric Light Orchestra from nearly. Who got there first? Who cares? The music is hauntingly beautiful. Definately worthy of a serious listening and sincere admiration. Keep in mind, the brothers were 19 (Robin and Maurice) and 21 (Barry) when they wrote the music for this album.Even though I have been a fan of The Bee Gees since 1967, I never really cared for the Disco era. I was somewhat saddened to see them move from their Beatlesque sound to Disco. I am thrilled to see that their 80s and 90s music reflects more and more of their original stylings.In my opinion no one comes close to The Bee Gees when it comes to sheer talent in versatile writiing. After all, it was The Bee Gees that wrote the biggest selling Country and Western single ever (Islands In The Stream, written for Kenny Rogers and Dolly Pardon).These men deserve much more credit than what they have ever received for their contribution to pop music. They are righ up there with Lennon and McCartney, Gershwin, Rogers and Hammerstein (of their respective eras).
 B000001FE0-43 POSITIVO  Odessa has to rank with Mr. Natural as one of the greatest unknown Bee Gees albums ever. It definitely was their best of their 4 '60s CDs (although the other 3 are all solid). What made this album even more incredible was that it came out at a time when all 3 brothers were having a tough time getting along with each other and by 1970, Robin had left the group. If all you know about the Brothers Gibb is their stuff from the late '70s, then you really need to listen to this album because you will really be amazed at what you hear. Originally envisioned as a concept album, Odessa is an hour of musical bliss. Here's a track listing and my thoughts on each: 1) Odessa -- The title track is over 7 minutes long but it's an incredible 7 minutes. Unbelievable harmonies that only the Brothers Gibb can do. Starts the theme of love lost at sea. 2) You'll Never See my Face Again -- A light-hearted piece that's okay, but not one of my favorites. 3) Black Diamond -- A great song! Robin gives one of his best performances ever in singing this gem. 4) Marley Purt Drive -- A song that definitely has a country feel to it with the banjo playing in the background. Interesting song in many aspects including the memorable line &quot;with 16 kids and a family on the skids, I gotta go for a Sunday drive.&quot; 5) Edison -- A fun song to listen to. I love the sound of the instruments in this song. 6) Melody Fair -- Classic Brothers Gibb. An unbelievable song to say the least. One of the main reasons to buy this album. 7) Suddenly -- An okay song but like #2, one that I don't really listen to alot. 8) Whisper Whisper -- A different type of song that was somewhat revolutionary in its time. This isn't Stayin' Alive or Night Fever that you're listening to. Curiously, it's one of my least listened to songs on the album. 9) Lamplight -- An important song for Bee Gees buffs (this was the song that caused Robin to leave the group). IMHO, one of the best songs on the album. Robin gives his usual fine performance, but what makes this song great is the unbelievable harmonization by Maurice. 10) Sound of Love -- An okay song that has some good background music to it. 11) Give Your Best -- A somewhat hokey song that I usually skip when it comes on. 12) Seven Seas Symphony -- Purely instrumental. It's actually an outstanding track as it showcases the Brothers' composition talents. 13) With All Nations -- Another instrumental track that is less than 2 minutes long. Sounds alot like track #12. 14) I Laugh in Your Face -- One of my favorites on the album. I love how they develop the mood to this song and then change it to something completely different. 15) Never Say Never Again -- Another solid song featuring a fine performance by Barry. 16) First of May -- Believe it or not, the only song on this album to hit the US Top 40 (peaked at #37). Once again, Barry gives a fine performance. This was the song that was picked over Lamplight and caused Robin to leave the group. 17) The British Opera -- The third instrumental track on the album. It's a little more scary sounding than the other two. All in all a great and underappreciated album. The best tracks are #1, #3, #4, #5, #6, #9, #10, #12, #14, #15, and #16. If you like good music, then the Bee Gees are always a smart choice to get; however, where most of their albums, like all other artists, have their filler tracks, Odessa is an example of what they can do when they really focus. Once again, it's hard for me to imagine that they were able to do this considering the personal problems they were going through plus they were only 21, 19, and 19 when they did this! Do yourself a favor and buy this album!
 B000001FE0-44 POSITIVO  Yes, this was the Bee Gees 'white' album, only this doubled LP had a red velvet cover and a 'Titanic'-like illustration in the gatefold. Now available on a single CD, it marks the end of the sixties period for the Bee Gees.The music? This was an important time for the Gibbs' who were maturing (at ages 19 and 21) and already millionaires. The music was conceptual and starting with the title track, it delivers with powerful orchestration and emotional, lyrical simplicity. It is a skewed look at a fabled seafarer lost at sea and emotionally destitute. At least, that's what the project started out to be.Somewhere during the recordings, egos flared and tempers snapped, so what you ended up with is a collection of half Bee Gees conceptual songs and half individual Gibb contributions. It is still a remarkable recording!Stand-out cuts are &quot;Marley Purt Drive&quot; that could have been recorded by &quot;The Band&quot; and &quot;Melody Fair&quot;, a single in some countries and a well covered track.Most of the other tracks deal with period issues like, drugs, sex, rock 'n roll, psychodelia and why not? Producer Stigwood unwittingly fueled the tensions by choosing &quot;First Of May&quot; as the A-Side single instead of B-Side &quot;Lamplight&quot;, which was just as strong.Regardless, the final outcome is a conceptual album filled with an orchestrally sweeping moodiness aligned with perfect harmonies and lyrics envied by everyone. This is one of the few albums of the period with orchestral solos with the Gibbs providing the chorus. It is monumental.
 B000001FE0-45 POSITIVO  There is a vast catalogue of &quot;important&quot; releases that present many pop groups and artists of The Sixties in what is arguably considered their finest hour: The Beatles' Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band, Strange Days by The Doors, Dear Eloise/King Midas In Reverse by The Hollies, The Velvet Underground And Nico (debut album; same title), Distant Shores by Chad and Jeremy, Crown Of Creation by Jefferson Airplane, and too many more to mention. Sadly overlooked too often by the critics is this wonderful collection of music the Bee Gees released in 1969. The songs are often quiet and reflective, the music is accompanied by the lush, majesterial sounds of a full orchestra, creating a mood of luxury and elegance. The cost factor in creating this set of music must have been quite prohibitive at the time (This was originally a 2 record set), but the Brothers Gibb were looking for a Sound, a Final Note of rare beauty and grace. You couldn't compare Odessa to any other releases of 1969, it was unique. The album bears the distinctive absence of the latest trends and gimmicks so often employed at the time (false endings, backwards tape loops, vocoder vocals, late blooming psychedelia effects), so it doesn't sound dated when you hear it today. If anything, it was a bold move for The Bee Gees to present this opus, so very unlike what everybody else was doing. There is much thought given to these songs, and the studio time was well spent. I can't really say there are any &quot;throwaway&quot; titles in the set; they all work together as the woven threads to a grand tapestry. It's an extravagant move to include 3 (!!) orchestral instrumental pieces capping the sets, but they are so right for the album, and wondrous to hear even today. I still think Odessa stands as The Finest Hour for The Bee Gees. Like a fine wine, a classic film, or the distant memory of an old love affair, it only improves with time.
 B000001FE0-46 POSITIVO  After 18 years in hiding, Odessa is finally back where it rightfully belongs - competing for `Best of the 60's Concept Albums.' Odessa is a symphonic tragedy of love and loss at sea. The original album had an elegant and luxurious velvet cover. Technological innovation has negated the cover, but the sophistication and grandeur of the music remain.Melody and harmony are the Bee Gees strong suit. `Black Diamond,' `Melody Fair,' and `Lamplight' challenge the most infectious Lennon-McCartney melodies. Maurice, Barry and Robin share lead vocals. Maurice and Barry are provocative on the more whimsical stuff (Edison, Melody Fair, I Laugh In Your Face). Barry sings naturally - he's no pathetic castrado here. And Robin's nasal vibrato is ideal for the love songs (Black Diamond, Lamplight, First of May). If the Everly Brothers own the patent on flawless sibling harmony, then the Bee Gees borrowed it for Odessa. Their harmonies are dazzling.On a literal note, the majority of the lyrics are nonsensical: `It took a thousand years to find out why you'll never see my face again,' and `my brother is friendly for reasons if I am the same just for four hundred seasons we all live in rain.' Matter not. You'll sing them regardless. Odessa is a mushy and overblown sixty minutes of beauty, tragedy and love.
 B000001FE0-47 POSITIVO  Many music fans state that the mind blowing album for them was &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; from the Fab Four. For many, THAT was the album of the late-60's generation. &quot;Odessa&quot; from The Bee Gees is a superior effort--no doubt inspired by The Beatles. The album itself is a story about love lost, scorn, history, youthful desire and comedy (&quot;Give Your Best&quot;). &quot;Suddenly&quot; is one of Maurice's Best efforts, and &quot;Lamplight&quot; is an emotional ride that put's the listener in the eyes of the young lad longing for his love to return. &quot;First Of May&quot; is an adult contemporary number which gives those sentimentalists a nod. The instrumentals (&quot;With All Nations&quot;), (&quot;Seven Seas Symphony&quot;), give the work an originality all its own. Yes, The Beatles may have been the inspiration, but each group of artists during this time respected it, and went down their own paths. The Bee Gees are no exception. Fine Work from fine talented people--Barry at 21, Maurice and Robin both 19--amazing how artists this youthful could compose such beautiful melodies and arrangements. Highly recommended--for the &quot;eyes&quot; and ears. --Nicholas Arietano, Jr.
 B000001FE0-48 POSITIVO  I have started collecting 180 gram vinyl, and am non plussed with a lot of releases- a lot of minor defects with a pop here and a crackle there, maybe a slight warp and nothing you can do about it....which is disheartening when paying the high cost.All Rhino releases I have purchased have wowed meflawless vinyl pressing- not a sound besides the music...cant even tell the record is playing between tracks on this releaseI can hear sounds that I never heard beforeOne of my top five albums ever
 B000001FE0-49 POSITIVO  This is still the lushest of all the Bee Gees' albums, unless you count the late, great CUCUMBER CASTLE. That alone makes it worth hearing a few hundred times but my, oh my- -those songs. I don't know what the rift was over the band's direction that temporarily broke them up (a family affair, you see), but whatever it was the Brothers rose above the occasion and created one of the finest records of the glorious, inglorious Sixties. It was their last of that decade, and everything they'd done previous to it, great as it may have been, was merely prelude. In England ODESSA was released as a red-velvet two-LP box set; in the States as a red-velvet double LP with a remarkably green disaster-at-sea insert. You could put the thing on your coffee table (or floor, or kitchen counter) and let it speak for itself, or you could lie back and immerse yourself in its velvety sonic ocean. Or both, with or without headphones. Okay, that may be overstating it, but ODESSA contains some of the Brothers' finest compositions, ranging from the story-telling prog-rock of the title track (the cello solo is an ingenious touch) to the lighter-than-air, lovely 'Melody Fair' to the oboe-chugged, acoustic 'Suddenly' (Maurice was always the underappreciated contributor) to the desperately haunted 'Sound Of Love'. Heck, they even included an international anthem that actually sounds like one, the prescient globalists!! And two other orchestral instrumentals to boot! And- -'Lamplight'!! You want goofy instead? Okay, 'Give Your Best', and 'Never Say Never Again'! There! These guys are awesome! Now, stop me before I start raving about how incredible CUCUMBER CASTLE is!!
 B000001FE0-50 POSITIVO  Easily their best album prior to their sound-change in the 70s, and their most challenging musically. Released as a double-album in 1969, it's not long by today's standards (at 64 mins), but it was a radical departure. Note that on 2 LPs, there were 4 &quot;sides&quot; of music, and on this album they are arranged carefully.The album opens with the 7-1/2 min title track, a hauntingly sad song with wailing discordant vocals and long instrumental passages - accoustic (classical) guitar and cello! The next two songs fit smoothly into the mood.Side 2 throws a change of pace with the bluesy &quot;Marley Purt Drive&quot;, then the short pieces &quot;Edison&quot; and &quot;Melody Fair&quot; (which should have been a single - they later collected it on &quot;Best of vol 2&quot;). &quot;Suddenly&quot; has an extremely interesting guitar beginning, and the side trails off with the odd jarring ending of &quot;Whisper Whisper&quot;.Side 3 begins with the dramatic chords of &quot;Lamplight&quot;, then the poignant little ballad &quot;Sound of Love&quot;. At this point the fun relief of &quot;Give Your Best&quot; is very welcome. Then the album goes right back to serious, with two &quot;classical style&quot; instrumentals. I particularly like the &quot;Seven Seas Symphony&quot;.Side 4 sneaks up on you with the quiet beginning to &quot;I Laugh In Your Face&quot;. The great song &quot;First of May&quot; is in this section; sad, like all the other &quot;great&quot; songs on this album. The album ends with the orchestral piece &quot;British Opera&quot;, which echoes (reprises) the orchestral stuff from side 3, and trails off.The album doesn't quite hang together as a &quot;concept&quot; album; lyrically there are odd departures (Edison? Whisper Whisper?). But the sound is very distinctive beginning to end, and the mood is consistently dark and brooding. Most of all, the adventurous music-making is a hallmark all the way thru. Every song is very interesting musically, with inventive arrangments and often surprising lyrics.It's a shame that this album broke them up, and that they didn't quite accomplish what they were trying to do. But what they did accomplish is an absolutely terrific album.
 B000001FE0-51 POSITIVO  Reviewers have observed that this album is the Bee Gees' &quot;White Album.&quot; I beg to differ: it's really their &quot;Smiley Smile.&quot; The Odessa concept died in direct relation to the band's personal problems, in similar fashion to the Beach Boys and their legendary &quot;Smile&quot; album (the remnants of which were hastily thrown together as &quot;Smiley Smile&quot; after Brian Wilson could continue no further with it). At about the midpoint of the production of Odessa, things really started to go badly for the Bee Gees. Robin, looking for a way to have some creative control, left after it was decided Barry's &quot;First of May&quot; would make a better single than his &quot;Lamplight.&quot; That vital third seems, from listening, to be somewhat unenthusiastic about some of the tracks on this album.The boys started recording with a grand design: a concept album made up of letters and observations written by an English sailor shipwrecked, stranded and alone aboard an unapproachable iceberg, doomed to wander the icy Black Sea for an indeterminate amount of time. The general feel of the album, I would speculate, is intact in the title track. A few compositions, like &quot;First of May,&quot; &quot;Seven Seas Symphony&quot; and &quot;You'll Never See My Face Again&quot; share the general atmosphere of that track and the lyrics fit thematically. But, as a result of discord within the band, the album was never finished as intended. Instead, current material seems to have been added to fill it out and it was released with its full potential unrealized.If the band could have maintained the overall theme and mood as established in the core Odessa tracks, it could have been a near masterpiece. But the band was moving musically in a direction away from orchestral pop, a style they had developed via such seminal tracks as &quot;World&quot; and &quot;Cucumber Castle,&quot; from previous records, and mastered by the time of Odessa, embracing instead styles which were coming into fashion just then: country and folk rock. &quot;Marley Purt Drive&quot; provides the tell-tale link to such future soft-country albums as Life in a Tin Can. This didn't bode well: when the ground-breaking Main Course came out, with the blueprint of disco coded within, it was hoped this newest change in direction would light a fire under its flagging fan base (it did).In any event... the true potential of the group lay on the control room floor in bits and pieces after the Odessa sessions. Never again would an orchestra and a pop group meld in such a perfect way as on the remnant Odessa tracks (sorry Moody Blues fans).
 B0000011BW-0 POSITIVO  Spontaneous combustion is one of those extra talented power trio from the early 70's.Both albums are fantastic.A powerful Hard rock style with a touch of psychedalism.S.C.'s music could be compared to Deep Purple or the First Blue Cheer's album.The sound quality is excellent, the production amazingly strong and clear.Why did Spontaneous Combustion remain in the dark is beyond me.A gem for all 70's hard rock fans.
 B0000011BW-1 POSITIVO  Just to expand on Spontaneous group members, their drummer Tony Brock subsequently went on to be a member of Strider and The Babies as well as appearing on several Rod Stewart albums and tours
 B00006GOFK-0 POSITIVO  Although world music snobs still 'pooh-pooh' whatever Putumayo puts out, their releases of the last few years have been pretty good... and this disc is no exception! This time around, it's the modern flamenco sound.... All these decades later, the Gipsy Kings still cast a long shadow on the world of popular flamenco, as evidenced by the forceful opening number on this fine collection, &quot;Rankankin,&quot; by Maita Verde, which bears the stamp of the Kings' virile pop-crossover formula. There's a lot of variety, though, and other tracks on here are more subtle and lyrical, although many, inevitably, drift into easy listening-ish &quot;world music&quot; terrain. Almost all of the bands are Spanish or Catalonian, although it also includes entries by French groups such as the Gitano Family and Ricao, as well as American-based acts such as Ziroq and De Madera. All in all, a sweeping and effective overview of modern flamenco, which ably explores the style's rich Arabic and cross-cultural influences. Recommended!
 B00006GOFK-1 NEUTRO  I love Putumayo CDs.This one is good - not "wow", but good.There are a few good songs, but I was not that impressed.I've heard better flamenco, I expected a little more passion.But still, I recommend it.
 B00006GOFK-2 POSITIVO  I love this CD. Is the kind of music you like to try once in a while to change from the day to day.I loved all the songs, each one had its own kind of spanish influence. Each one was diferent and good in it's particular way.Putumayo realy did good putting this together.
 B00006GOFK-3 POSITIVO  I can't stop listening to this CD. I listen to it in my car, snap it into my CD-Rom, before I go to bed, when I wake up... It is a great compilation of Flamenco Music with relatively unknown / commercial artists. You must get it! It makes a great backdrop to any party, it will bring the gypsy out of you.
 B00006GOFK-4 POSITIVO  Another compilation with latin music served by Putumayo and yet another excellent music dessert.This cd is a marvellous background for lazy afternoon or evening, spend with glass of beer or wine in your hand.
 B00006GOFK-5 NEUTRO  Was dissapointed with the collection, but its fine for someone unfamiliar with flamenco greats like Paco de lucia, Camaron, Romero, and Segovia.
 B00006GOFK-6 POSITIVO  I sent this as a gift to my daughter - she said it was great! We have ordered many CDs from Putumayo and have never been disappointed.
 B000003OTM-0 POSITIVO  I have never heard a recording as powerful and strong as Stages. Triumph is truly one of the greatest rock&amp;roll bands of all time. The crispness of Lay it on the line and Allied Forces, and the hard hitting edge of Rock &amp; Roll Machine took my breath away. This disc has found it's way into my all time greatest CD collection and will stay there for a long time.
 B000003OTM-1 NEGATIVO  This CD only served to show the fans that Triumph can't duplicate live what they do in studio. IT's a shame, because song selection is good.
 B000003OTM-2 POSITIVO  this group has really fallen out nearly all classic rock radio channels. the sound is exceptional. shame on all the radio channels! these guys need and should have more time for airplay. this is the one album that clearly defines what the band can do.
 B000003OTM-3 POSITIVO  I've been a big fan of Triumph after seeing them several times. Some have criticized the sound quality, but I find nothing wrong with it. (Of course I was listening to their bootlegs before this was released.} The only problem I have with it is for some reason the didn't include Allied Forces &amp; The Drum Solo that was on the original vinal &amp; tape release which would have fit on the cd. It would have been nice if they put The Blinding Light Show on as well. If you want to get the full live Triumph experiance I recommend this one &amp; the King Biscuit Four Hour show.
 B000003OTM-4 POSITIVO  I wanted to give it 4.5 stars but it didnt give me the option. I am buying this CD because I bought the tape when it was released in '85 and it is now worn out. Seeing Triumph on tour many times in my youth - I can say this album typifies their fantastic musicianship, tightness, vocal range, guitar playing/soloing, live performance energy ......you get the picture. This is the type of album you have to crank when your driving in your car, and that is when I discovered my tape doesnt work anymore. Anyhow, when it was released, it was almost like a greatest hits - only better due to it being live and professionally mixed. Although I have to admit my musical tastes have broadened since I bought my 1st Triumph album on vinyl, I can not stand the thought of not having this album (CD) in my collection. Every tune on it is good. You will not be disappointed. If you like adrenaline rock - you have to have this. And - if I didnt have any Triumph albums, and could only get one, this one would be it, followed by Allied Forces. This album is at the height of their career and ROCKS. I plan on checking out some of Rik's solo stuff, including a new Jazz album I heard he came out with. Incredible musician ................ I will say no more.......get it!!
 B000003OTM-5 NEUTRO  Thank you, A music fan from Brasilia, Brazil. I am glad to know my feelings about the sound quality of this recording are shared. When I first purchased it, I couldn't believe what I was hearing. It sounded like is was recorded with a microphone lying next to one of the monitors on the stage. It has taken me a while to get past it, and enjoy the performance itself.And once you can do that, the CD holds one true gem on it, worth the price of admission alone. It is 'Magic Power'. Now, the original is just fine. The harmony, sound structure and overall 'quiet' feel to it melds well with the, okay, I'll say it, **corny** lyrics. But my, oh my. This live version doubles the length, and pumps it full of steroids. Gil's drum work on this song is absolutely incredible. His 'rolling thunder' goes right in line with Rik's rolls on the guitar during the bridges. And Rik's solo displays how pumped he can get when the song is soaring. And I occasionally have to remind myself that, with all the exceptional voice range Rik has to do on the song, he's also playing that guitar at the same time. And we must mention the 'forgotten' third member, Mike Levine, doing a great job of the bass and programmed keyboards.The entire mixture makes for a great shining moment on an otherwise muddled recording. The two studio tracks are clearer numbers, but 'Mind Games' is the only good one.
 B000003OTM-6 POSITIVO  This CD blew me away. I wasn't a real Triumph fan before, but after hearing this, I'm wishing they were still around and on tour.Forget the crybabies who pooh-pooh this CD. It rocks from start to finish, and I'm one picky S.O.B.!!!
 B000003OTM-7 POSITIVO  I really like this record. The sound quality is pretty good for mid 80's production. The studio albums are more crisp but this record is raw and you can feel the electricity. Having seen Triumph in 1986, I can say this is very close to being there. The song selection is good, the playing is tight and it seems like the boys are having a good time. Listen to the crowd interaction on &quot;Laying it on the line&quot;, wow, that is what a live album is all about. This is a must have for a true 80's rock/metal fan.
 B000003OTM-8 NEUTRO  I originally purchased stages on vinyl. I was very dismayed when the CD came out and did not include the entire vinyl repetoir. I pitty the soul who blew this one. This is one CD that did not make it as a replacement for my vinyl.
 B000003OTM-9 POSITIVO  Simply put: This is what concerts were invented for. Not just to see your favorite band, but to hear them play the songs in a pure, altered manner. Some songs are standards, and played straight, but there is a raw energy perfectly recorded (check out the crispest-sounding jet blast drum solo). Rik Emmet leaves a picturesque wake as he sails through &quot;Hold On&quot; acoustically alone, and leaves you breathless after a scorching 10 minute solo during &quot;Rock and Roll Machine.&quot; Also included are two interesting studio tracks that probably only received airtime in Canada.
 B000003OTM-10 POSITIVO  I'm not much on live albums, but Rik Emmitt is one of those performers that really shines in the spotlight. The guitar-work is phenomenal and Rik's vocal range is unbelieveable.This is the first Triumph album I ever bought and the studio cuts never really measured up to the intensity of the live performance.Great record.
 B000003OTM-11 NEGATIVO  Although this one have some of Triumph's greatest songs, it seems to be clearly overdubbed in studios. The drums sound doesn't like as Gil Moore at all, it is muffled, strange. The rest is strange because it doesn't show the emotion contained in Triumph studio albuns. Even f you're reaLLY a Triumph fan, you can pass without this one.
 B000E4HQAY-0 NEGATIVO  The cover indicates clearly a mix by Richard H. Kirk (a.k.a. Sweet Exorcist) and when you listen to the Cd ... Kirk mix is not there! Check and look in the tracklist the back ... NO Cabaret Voltaire mastermind was involved. Bummers! Menteurs! Crooks ... And the rest is just unfortunate cheesy stuff. PITOYABLE! Bad... Bad... Bad... :-(
 B00000EBOL-0 POSITIVO  This is a good CD to own by Laura Branigan,it sounds ok,the songs sound good also.
 B00000EBOL-1 NEGATIVO  This albun is the crescendo of Laura Branigan's perverse(at times) experimenatlism Her courageous pushing of boundaries is what I most loved about her and for years I forgave her for this album. But I decided I can't any more. This album was the first part of a two part experiment(next .album- Touch part 2)The basic experimental issue: is it possibly to overpower absolutely trash songs and music with beautiful singing. Can you detract from the obvious lack of ANY serious investment of time or energy from the song writers with the ultimate use of your vocal chords. The latter is certain there her singing and use of her voice richness is at it's peak. For years she almost succeeded. The test tubes incubated over the years but the final results on on the data pad. Didn't work. I love her ability to try anything as long as I have some idea what or WHY. That's what I could never quite get on this one. Bad burn from the bunsen burner.
 B00000EBOL-2 POSITIVO  In the early 1980s, Laura Branigan had emerged as a top female artist - and one who was very successful in terms of commercial sales. On her first two albums, Laura showed all the signs of her being great with such hits as "Gloria", "Solitaire", and "How am I Supposed to Live Without You". It was her third album, 1984's "Self Control" that truly solidified her status as a top female performer of "Diva" status ( the term "Diva" is often thrown around today to refer to a great female vocalist). It was "Self Control" that truly validated that Branigan was a true "Diva" with such songs as "The Lucky One", "Self Control", "Heart", and "Ti Amo". So as Laura's fourth album "Hold Me" was released, many felt the trend would continue. What would happen would surprise a lot of Branigan fans. Not only did "Hold Me' crash and burn in terms of commercial sales, but it would become an album that would quickly go out of print. Even some 2 decades after the release of "Hold Me", this album's failure is still puzzling. "Hold Me" is in a lot of ways an album that picks up where "Self Control" left off. It uses the same formula - and is of the same high quality of that album.Perhaps the timing of "Hold Me" was the problem. For her first three albums, Branigan would ride the Synth-Pop wave of the early 1980s. But 1985 would mark a transition year in the music industry. Pop music was moving away from the Synth-Pop sound and now was beginning to move more toward a natural "guitar-laden" sound. Artists such as John Cougar Mellencamp, John Fogarty, and Bruce Springsteen were now taking up the airwaves. Branigan's "Hold Me" would maintain the Synth-Pop sound that was established on the first four albums. This might have resulted in "Hold Me"'s commercial downfall.When looking at a Laura Branigan album, an important point to consider is that Branigan is not a songwriter and is not someone who plays her own instruments. Branigan relies on her voice - which is as powerful as any female vocalist we have seen in the rock/pop era. Therefore the quality level of Branigan's albums are going to be highly dependent on the songwriters and surrounding cast for the album. One thing that made "Self Control" a terrific album is that Branigan benefited from both of these things. Laura's longtime producer Jack White would produce "Hold Me". White had produced each of Laura's first three albums. "Hold Me" would be his last album as he probably took the fall for the disappointing commercial sales. Like "Self Control", Laura brings her Diva-style voice that gives the songs such a terrific sound. However, the strongest tracks on this album are going to be the ones that Jack White contributes to the songwriting. No doubt, White knows how to get the most out of Branigan. It's also no surprise to me that Laura's career never recovered after splitting her association with White.Here is a Synopsis of the songs:"Hold Me": This is the title-track arranged by Harold Faltermeyer (famous for the "Beverly Hills Cop" song "Axel F"). Faltermeyer contributes the keyboards on this Synthesizer-laden track. This song also features some horn work. Laura brings a lot of passion to the song through her vocals - this will be a trademark throughout the album."Maybe Tonight": Producer Jack White and co-producer Mark Spiro wrote this song. White knows what makes Branigan tick and he composes the perfect song for her. Laura's passion in the song is alive and well - she shows great range in her vocals. This is complimented by some terrific background vocals. There is nice drum work on this track as well."Foolish Lullaby": White and Spiro strike gold again. Laura delivers one of her most passionate performances that she ever has. Laura sings this song from the point of "the other woman". She delivers incredible passion as she sings "If you are so sure that she's the one; Why are you lying here with me?""Spanish Eddie": This was the one song that garnered airplay. This song has an urban feel. Laura delivers the song in the form of a narrative describing what I would call a modern-day "urban outlaw". This song features some nice guitar-work."Forever Young": Laura covers the song made famous by the German band Alphaville. Laura once again delivers a passionate performance - and one that I feel is superior to the original."When I'm With You": The combination of White, Spiro, and Faltermeyer strike gold again with Laura. This song has a terrific opening with some horns. It transitions nicely to a Synth-Pop song. Once again, the name of the game is passion as Laura delivers a performance of a woman melting in a man's arms."I Found Someone": This is a Michael Bolton written song that was later covered by Cher. Laura has done a lot of songs covered by other artists and in each case, I've always felt her versions were superior. This is no exception."Sanctuary": Not a bad song, but one of the weaker tracks. It does feature some good guitar work."Tenderness": This is a White and Spiro song. Laura lends a rare hand in the songwriting. Laura might not have the high passion level as in the other tracks, but this still isn't bad."When the Heat Hits the Street": This has a very urban-styled Synth-Pop sound. Laura does a terrific job with her vocal ranges in this song. The last part of the song is awesome.The liner notes don't contain lyrics but do have production and songwriting credits. My CD is 2 decades old - and I still don't stop playing it. Overall, I listen to this album and am still amazed that this wasn't a platinum album. Branigan is still at her peak on this collection. If you can find this album, don't hesitate to get it.
 B00000EBOL-3 POSITIVO  I'm actually very privelaged because I own ALL of Laura's proper studio albums ON CD, including this out-of-print 1985 album, "Hold Me."This album actually received a LOT of negative reviews, and was the first Laura album not to go gold. But this may actually seem strange if you listen to it now because it really doesn't sound very different from her first 3 releases. "Hold Me," "Maybe Tonight," "Foolish Lullaby," and "Spanish Eddie" are all awesome, perfect 1980s synthpop. "Forever Young" follows next, and it's the only song on the CD that I almost always skip. "I Found Someone" comes after that, and this is the same song that Cher brought into the Top 10 in 1987. But Laura's version is more melancholy and more subdued, and not as polished as Cher's version; it's just a tad better if you ask me. The remainder of the songs on the second half of the collection aren't as good as the ones on the first half, but are still very listenable and enjoyable, even if they do sort of blend together somewhat.I found this CD on Ebay for less than 5 dollars. Odds are you won't find it that cheap anywhere anymore, especially now that Laura has passed. Perhaps someday her CDs will all be remastered and reissued like Sheena Easton's. One can only hope ...
 B00000EBOL-4 POSITIVO  I have every Laura Branigan album issued on the Atlantic label on CD (except for Branigan 2 which I have on vinyl). This one is my favorite and I listened to it just about every day, in its entirety, when it was released (I had it on cassette then....it pretty much wore out...fortunately, I got a copy on CD before it got too expensive...I think I paid in the $25-$30 range...WORTH EVERY CENT!)This album was not a hit back in 1985 and many (including myself) cannot figure out why. It really should have clearly been a career triumph for Laura Branigan.There was only a slight shift in instrumentation and production than from the previous 3 albums. Harold Faltermeyer was added to the mix. Considering his hit "Axel F" it seemed like a wise move. Some of the criticism, I remember, was directed at the first single "Spanish Eddie" as not being the most accessible tune on the album. I loved it! Exciting story and rhythm in addition to LB's as-always first rate vocal. Some also blamed the cover art as being a bit too soft as the reason this project failed to catch on. Other objections were the album strayed too far into Euro-dance/Euro-pop territory.But it's a consistantly great album. "Sanctuary" is the only song that I would consider good vs. great. I particularly like the closing track, "When The Heat Hits The Streets"....great driving song! It was featured in an auto commercial towards the end of the album's viable shelf life. Would have made a good 2nd or 3rd single. Anyway the $74 dollar asking price (as of Oct. 2008)for this CD is actually justified if steep...the album really is that great! I would go on but I feel the other reviewers here have done an admirable job of conveying how strong this release is and describing the tracks.
 B00000EBOL-5 POSITIVO  Rather then try an abrupt musical about face just to keep up with the fickle pop music world of the early to mid 80's Laura Branigan followed up her blockbusterSelf Controlalbum with this. Despite it's commercial failure there's nothing on this album that suggests Laura Branigan was on any kind of musical downhill spiral. She continued to mix it up with her original sounds;synths and guitars being brought in and out of focus depending on what the song and her voice demanded. The title song alone could've been an easy follow up to the title song of the previous album (this one tanked) and the very same thing could easily be said for the likeminded "Santuary","Spanish Eddie" or the reflective ballad "Foolish Lullaby". But as one reviewer put it the rock scene was moving back towards an earthier,more guitar oriented sound in 1985 and the kind of synthesized dance-bop Laura Branigan specialized in was moving out of the public's spectrum of pop and therefore began being referred to as cheesy:that's usually what a pop music style is called when it goes out of style when you stop to think about it. And that was one reason perhaps why this album performed so poorly;from the beginning of her career Laura had strong links to the late 70's/early 80's disco-pop style.Her fast material always had a strong dancability to it,even when the focus was always on her voice and the melodies. And by 1985 the kind of music artists like Laura Branigan had made famous was definately viewed by critics and some of the public as corney. But taken purely objectively this album definately doesn't deserve the commercial ribbing it got-nothing in Branigan's catalog does and now that she is no longer with us I hope that people begin to realize that.Be kind to 80s music! :-)
 B00000EBOL-6 POSITIVO  I used to own the LP and loved this album. When everything went to CDs in the 1990's I wanted a copy and could never find it. I have seen some European Versions, but never wanted those copies. When I found this I was extactic.Best Laura Branigan Album!!!!
 B00000EBOL-7 POSITIVO  I received the CD very quickly. The CD was in excellent condition. The CD brought back a lot of good memories. All I can say is the all around service and product I received was EXCELLENT. Thanks againDavid
 B00000EBOL-8 POSITIVO  I am a long time fan of late Laura Branigan. All of her songs, including those on this CD, demonstrate her fantastic vocal range, the unique tone of her voice and her unmatched ability to sing from the heart. I am trying to acquire all of her records and DVDs of her concerts. Sadly, as her songs are no longer being played on the radio, the young generation of music lovers don't get the opportunity to appreciate the magical voice of Laura Branigan. To this end I would like to see radio stations playing her songs again. I would also welcome her recording company Atlantic releasing a DVD of Laura's concerts.
 B00000EBOL-9 NEUTRO  This 4 th album by Laura didnt go well. sadly one of her worst selling albums it has become one of my favorites. Spanish eddie topped the charts but thats as far as it went. when the heat hits the streets isnt one of my favorites but to help promote the cd Laura did comercials for cheverlot with the song and for the life of me cant even rember the car its self. i love her version of forever young in general this is a must for laura fans that thought she was gone after the selfcontrol lp.
 B00000EBOL-10 POSITIVO  Laura Branigan's memorial website has a NEW release of Greatest Hits which INCLUDE songs from this CD as well as a DVD of most of her videos and it is available there for much less than these used CD's.
 B00000EBOL-11 NEUTRO  I had been searching for this CD really for only one song- her cover of "Forever Young" which I agree, as another reviewer has said, is superior to the original and really, I think, is one of her best performances with regards to her music in general. It is only because I could not get her version, that I got the Alphaville one. I did not care much for the other tracks on this album, and I won't pay the prices I am seeing here for the CD for just that one song. I shall be keeping a watch hoping the price for this CD from the various sellers would come down.
 B00004W3LC-0 NEGATIVO  When these came out they werent too bad, but now they are really dated.They dont seem to have stayed the test of time, they were well recorded but will never become classics. They are good for bringing back memories thats all.I'd rather save me money and spend it on a really nice hot chicken madras with onion bhagi's for starters.Beats fish and chips anytime.
 B00004W3LC-1 NEUTRO  Hey,I am all about the delicious collaborations of record execs sitting around trying to decide what to put in a collection.The next eclectic group should comprise of old school durans-all the b-sides, simon's solo work and other band member's forays into movie soundtracks.I was a little unimpressed with this. What about a collection that appeals to fans who already own all the works? This is a great collection for the import purchaser only- keep it on a shelf, but wait for a better collection to play-something with the funk we all know and love.
 B00004W3LC-2 POSITIVO  Three of the best-selling albums of Duran history all together in one collection! First is Seven &amp; the Ragged Tiger, an ingenius new wave-ish album, which in addition to the hits 'The Reflex', 'New Moon on Monday', and 'Union of the Snake' includes some of their greatest tracks, namely the haunting 'Seventh Stranger' and the dark 'Of Crime and Passion'. Next is the 1986 album, Notorious, their most funk-inspired album to date. It includes the title track as well as the hit 'Skin Trade' but the real jewel of this one is the dark 'Vertigo' or the melancholy 'A Matter of Feeling'. Finally, the band's 1993 top ten album 'Duran Duran 2 (the Wedding Album)' which includes the smash hits 'Ordinary World' and 'Come Undone', but is also one of their strongest overall to date. The jewels of this one are an amazing cover of the Velvet Underground's 'Femme Fatale' and the sexy and seductive 'Love Voodoo'. A seminole collection all around!
 B00005ASNB-0 NEUTRO  A decent compilation 2-CD release,SPECIALLY for the price.Disc one has a total of twenty-one Gong odds and ends.It's been put out as a one-disc pressing before.However,this reissue changes the cover,plus adds a second CD,which appears to be the Mother Gong-'Owl And The Tree' live disc.Nothing to write home about,but it's okay.For all Gong die-hards and completists.
 B00005ASNB-1 NEUTRO  For a group whose reputation is based on a couple of early-'70s albums (&quot;Camembert electrique&quot;, &quot;Radio Gnome Trilogy&quot;) and whose life-span is pretty convoluted -- not to mention numerous breakups and temporary disbandments as well as drummer Pierre Moerlen's own jazz-rock project -- Daevid Allen's Gong have managed to put forth enough products and activities to keep their devotees satisfied. In other words, they have sold their souls to the record companies in the late-'90s, deciding to release so many Gong compilations and live albums that anyone but the most dedicated fan has got to be hopelessly confused. And now, we've been treated to &quot;History..&quot;, a double-disc set which features previously unavailable Gong recordings from three decades (1964-1988) and the album &quot;The owl and the tree&quot; by Mother Gong, a side-project of Daevid's wife, 'space poet' Gilli Smyth. With a simple listen one knows that the first disc of this package should be labelled 'for collectors' only: The first few tracks are of such a poor audio quality that it's difficult to work out what's going on, and it also should be noted that these pieces with a running time of little more than one minute are musically immediately forgettable. The next few songs are taken from Soft Machine's and Gong's earlier output, giving the listener the opportunity to hear some cuts from the famous &quot;Radio Gnome Trilogy&quot; in studio outtakes and live performances. However, these tracks sound weak without the intricate production and musicianship that made Gong's best-known records like &quot;You&quot; so interesting. The best moments of &quot;History..&quot; come late in the album, such as the exceptionally beautiful and inspired guitar/bass/flute combination of &quot;13-8&quot; and the crystalline guitar sounds of the 8 1/2-minute &quot;Deva Goddess&quot;, a track which is somewhat reminiscent of Steve Hillage's more esoteric solo output. &quot;Opium for the people&quot;, &quot;Red alert&quot;, and &quot;Chernobyl rain&quot; provide some of the band's most rocking and contemporary songs, but the most gripping and atmospheric tune is &quot;The dream&quot;, a spoken-word performance by Gilli and &quot;Tom The Poet&quot; (whose voice sounds exactly like that of Lou Reed!) with subtle piano accompaniment. Despite the nice artwork, the 12-page booklet falls a bit flat since it contains a sketchy, pedestrian Gong biography but no comments on the individual tracks and not the slightest hint of information about the enclosed Mother Gong disc.Fortunately, the bonus disc of this box set brings some credibility to this release, although I think that the highly recommended &quot;Best of Mother Gong&quot; collection would have been a better choice than this late-'80s album. Essentially, &quot;The owl and the tree&quot; explains how insular Daevid's and Gilli's vision has become throughout the '80s; this album has all the features of a record written in isolation and manages to sound unlike anything which was released at that time. But let's face it: In nearly any other hands, song titles and lyrics like &quot;I am a tree&quot;, &quot;I don't mind that my roots have fixed in the earth&quot;, or &quot;I am my own relationship&quot; would be a pathetic disaster and make you laugh out loudly, but Gilli and 'special guest' Daevid know how to marriage their space-age ramblings with an intriguing sound which embraces ghostly synthesizer brushstrokes, ever-present saxophone, and shimmering melodic loops. While most of the music the band creates isn't particularly progressive or breathtaking, it takes the listener on a peaceful, amusing journey which is highly imaginative and romantic. The songs are generally similar in structure and approach, with the 14 1/2-minute &quot;I am..&quot; being the stand-out track, progressing from new age surroundings to rather pop-tinged hooks and drum patterns. All in all, this album is probably a little too calm and understated for those checking out Mother Gong for the first time, offering this sort of subtle songs and charms only long-time Gong followers will find rewarding. So now, where do we go with &quot;History..&quot;? In conclusion, many rarites compilations are more or less throwaway companions to a band's true work, and the first disc of &quot;History..&quot; is no exception. In my opinion, it's quite worth tracking down if you have a genuine interest in the band, however, the more casual fan who already own some of Gong's studio albums will be really wasting their time and money.
 B00005V1BJ-0 POSITIVO  This collection features many post-World War II recordings previously unavailable (from Big Band - 'Three O'Clock in the Morning' to Polka - 'More Beer' to Novelty - 'The Turntable Song'). Also included are soundtrack cuts ('You Don't Have to Know the Language', 'Bounce Me Brother with a Solid Four', 'Gimme Some Skin, My Friend' one of their best performances, 'You're Off to See the World' a delight unrecorded in studio, and the bizarre boogie woogie 'Hula ba Luau'). The second disc closes with a few radio gems including a rousing 'That's A-Plenty.' Essential set for Andrews Sisters collectors at a great price.
 B00005V1BJ-1 POSITIVO  I don't usually write reviews, but I wanted to for this CD. It is some of the BEST music there is. The vocals are great (and understandable) and the songs & song writing are tops. Every one of the CD's in this selection was enjoyable. If you like GOOD MUSIC you will throughly enjoy this CD.
 B00005V1BJ-2 POSITIVO  This is not the place to begin a collection of Andrews sisters music, but for those (like me) who can't get enough of their upbeat, swinging music, this is a major compilation containing much great music that is not available elsewhere. Most of the tracks are from the period 1947 to 1951 but there are some earlier tracks too.Most of the collection consists of up-tempo, swinging songs but these are interspersed with a few ballads including Nobody's darling but mine, Down in the valley and Between two trees. All the swinging songs are excellent but distinctive, but The turntable song, Now is the time, Walk with a wiggle, You call everybody darling, Underneath the arches, Gimme some skin my friend, The carioca, Let a smile be your umbrella, The glory of love and More beer are among my favorites.The sisters frequently recorded duets and there are plenty of those here. Danny Kaye is featured on three tracks including Amelia Cordelia McHugh - McWho and Big brass band from Brazil. Carmen Miranda features twice. Bing Crosby also guests on two tracks, one of which also features Nat King Cole. Other guests include Burl Ives and Ernest Tubb.If you already have most of the obvious songs and enjoy them enough to want more, then you will love this collection.
 B00005V1BJ-3 POSITIVO  Another good collection from Jasmine. The duets are fun which feature Dan Dailey,Dick Haymes and Danny Kaye. Thesound quality is good.
 B000002ZPA-0 POSITIVO  Liszt's transcriptions of song really shine with Schubert, and Leslie Howard's talents are more suited for the Schubert songs. The songs here aren't in the same league as Schubert's best, so if you want &quot;Liszt lied&quot; piano playing, check out Howard's many CDs of Schubert lied as transcribed by the master.
 B000026T3K-0 POSITIVO  "Der Vogelh&auml;ndler" is better known in German-speaking countries, where it is a favorite. One reason for that is the story, which involves a lot of humor involving Tyrolean accents and habits, and a lot of references that are not easily understood outside of Austria or Germany. The music, however, is fantastic and on a par with the other classics of Viennese operetta, such as "Die Fledermaus", "Der Zigeunerbaron" and "Die Lustige Witwe". Zeller wrote entrancing melodies, extremely hummable and vivacious. If you do understand German, the libretto is very humorous and clever, poking fun at Austrian bureaucracy (the story is set in the German Palatinate because Zeller couldn't the censors wouldn't let him criticize the Imperial government), the aristocracy and customs such as presenting the local lord with a wild boar that is actually a pig and a certified virgin who may not need be so virginal. This is absolutely one of my favorite operettas and I recommend it highly to anyone who loves golden age Viennese operetta.
 B00000B6LY-0 POSITIVO  i enjoy this cd like that. the songs are waved like my teeth. i just need more of this great music. what a wonderful cd to chill out to.
 B00000198Q-0 POSITIVO  Somewhere on Amazon there is a reviewer who expresses skepticism towards anyone who claims to have "gotten" Schoenberg's later works the first time they heard them. I find this skepticism odd for two reasons.The first reason is a foible I should be used to by now. When will we learn (and I include myself in this) that others are not limited by our own personal limitations? I have enjoyed much twelve-tone or serialist music from the first time I heard it. That doesn't mean I had (or have yet) a good theoretical understanding of it. I think of it as more that I was prepared for the music by being exposed to a lot of classical, jazz and world music at an early age.These thoughts lead me to my second reason which has more to do with Schoenberg's twelve-tone system itself. It seems to me to be a natural development from 19th century music. The pantonality (Schoenberg's own preferred term) of serialism was emerging throughout the 19th and early 20th centuries. Pure tonality was slipping in Chopin and was in full pratfall by the time of Wagner. Debussey, Satie and Scriabin all developed alternatives to it.Try this thought experiment. Let us suppose that we can take several of Shakespeare's most famous soliloquies or sonnets and we take some of the more recognizable lines from them and use them to construct a new sonnet that actually makes sense. Then we read that new sonnet to an audience full of people who know their Shakespeare. Imagine the disorientation as they recognize the first line, remember its context and then are surprised by the second line. As this continues, they realize that what they are hearing makes sense on its own. And they end up having to give up their cultural expectations to try to focus on trying to understand that new sense.In a way, this is what serialism is trying to do (as I understand it). It doesn't embrace dissonance or consonance- it cuts us adrift from what gives those terms meaning and our beloved "resolution". Personally I kind of like it.I think this CD of music by Luigi Dallapiccola will serve as a good introduction for many people to the pleasures of serialism. My brother once described Dallapiccola to me as "Yea, sort of a middle of the road, lyrical serialist". Remove the negative connotations from that description and it is about right.Consider the first piece on this CD, the wonderful "Tartiana seconda". Dallapiccola has created several pieces based themes or phrases of Tartini's. He then manipulates the themes in the standard serialist fashion. The result are pieces that sound very baroque, with a piano parts that sound like something Debussey would create, that are mostly tonal but also slyly dissonant at times. The last movement, "Variations", is particularly strong.This piece is the cause of my whole introductory spiel- you can hear the whole of the nineteenth and some of the twentieth in their development with source material that is baroque. I would claim that this piece is ample proof that serialism is a natural development of the tradition.The second piece,"Due Studi", is more traditionally serialist (the wheel turns and all revolutions become bureaucracies). The first movement is quietly brooding and warns of the aggression to come in the second movement.The final pieces are solos for cello and piano. I could only describe them in the most impressionist of manners so I will suggest only that you listen to the sound samples.The playing by Rodolfo Bonucci (violin), Arturo Bonucci (cello) and Bruno Canino (piano) is wonderful and the recording quality is great.Some of this music in now available on a much cheaper CD on the Naxos label. I am unfamiliar with that recording so I cannot compare them. But I do not hesitate to recommend this CD as an introduction of Dallapiccola and to some of the profound pleasures of serialist music.
 B0000011NE-0 POSITIVO  This Album is a must have for lovers of good folk music, as well as for classic Jethro Tull fans. Being a Tull fan myself, I've came to know of this album through it's extensive links to Tull - The album was produced by Ian Anderson, David Palmer of Jethro Tull, and Robin Black. It also features all the members of Jethro Tull of that time (minus John Evans) playing their instruments. It was recorded between Tull tours, as Prior was a friend of the band and sang backing vocals on some Tull records.Prior has a special and rare gift of a voice, which may put her in the same category as other, no less talented folk singers. But a quick glance at the album proves that this is no regular folk album, consisting of new renditions to old and loved folk songs - all the truly great songs on this album are new ones, all written by Prior herself. One may wnder, after listening to this album, which so successfully incorporates Rock influences with familiar folkish songs, why Maddy Prior isn't a more recognized name, but the answers to this question are not to be found in this record.If you consider yourself a folk lover or a Tull fan, buy this album now, and prepare for many hours of pleasure, enjoying Maddy Prior's warm voice.
 B0000011NE-1 POSITIVO  There are many good songs on this album, and they all pretty much differ from each other greatly. Although, the sound of this album doesn't always fit with what most people would probably think Maddy Prior working with Ian Anderson and Jethro Tull would be.There seems to be less things settled musically in this album, like perhaps the musicians were not completely in their element, working in awkward conditions, or maybe that's just me.Nevertheless this is an extremely enjoyable album. Prior's songwriting abilities shine very bright. I bought this for my girlfriend a while back for her birthday, and she really did enjoy it. So it definitely did it's job.Thanks Maddy!
 B0000011NE-2 POSITIVO  Maddy has held my heart ever since I first heard Steeleye Span some 30 years ago, when I was in my mid-teens. When she released this solo album several years ago, I was stoked. The fact that there were JT members aboard was a plus, but Maddy didn't need them to make this album great. Her song writing, her lilting voice just send me.
 B0000011NE-3 POSITIVO  Admittedly, this pop-oriented album has some of Prior's more embarassing moments on it (at least as seen through a traditionalist filter...) Many of the instrumental flourishes go way overboard, ranging from Spinal Tappish electric guitars to an overly-eager flute, and ne'er has Maddy sounded more like Judy Collins. Still, there are some lovely tunes on here, such as &quot;Gutter Geese,&quot; and if you are willing to forgive Prior and producer Ian Anderson their various synthy and proggy foibles, this disc certainly has its charms.
 B0000011NE-4 NEGATIVO  Do not be deceived. There is little of Ian Anderson on this disc. He produced a couple of cuts and is credited for playing the flute on one, the standout cut on the disc, Gutter Goose. Martin Barre plays guitar, also on one cut, the mediocre Cold Flame. Yes Barriemore Barlow plays drums on 7 of the 11 tracks but is so restrained (with the exception of the flute solo on Gutter Geese) that his presence seems wasted. John Glascock plays on 4 cuts but also seems to be under-utilized. The problem lies in both Prior's compositions (weak) and the talent of the remaining musicians-they come across as second rate studio musicians. Stick with Prior's work with Steeleye Span in the seventies. She is at her best interpreting English folk songs to the energy of Steeleye Span of that period. Gutter Geese aside, this one's just not very good..Simon
 B000LBEG2G-0 POSITIVO  I was reluctant to purchase this CD due to being a fan of Lionel Richie. However, I like these songs and the high quality in which they're performed. This CD consists of relaxing music. I am glad I finally bought it.
 B000LBEG2G-1 POSITIVO  Many of the songs by the Commodores are very good. This particular CD has some good songs. "Animal Instinct", "Nightshift", "Janet" and "The Woman In My Life" are the main reason why I purchased this CD. The other songs are ok, just ok. Not quite impressive, but a good CD to add to my collection and one thing I admit is I love the vocals by new member J.D. Nicholas on "Nightshift". My Favourite Album by the Commodores is, and always will be "In The Pocket". None other. 5 stars to the Commodores: Why? it's the 80's!
 B000LBEG2G-2 NEUTRO  This 1985 release was not highly acknowledged like the band's predecessors because it lacked the band's staple member,Lionel Richie. Three years earlier,Richie's solo career had taken off and his first three solo albums were megahits(1983's CAN'T SLOW DOWN was the biggest-seller). The only Top 20 hit from this album was the title track,mentioning the names Marvin and Jackie,referring to Marvin Gaye and Jackie Wilson. The band obviously paid homage to these R&B legends. Back in '85,Richie's hits were WE ARE THE WORLD,co-written with Michael Jackson and SAY YOU SAY ME from the Columbia film WHITE NIGHTS and its soundtrack album(later appearing on his '86 release DANCING ON THE CEILING). WATW was recorded by an all-star ensemble known as USA For Africa. Sales from that song,album or single,went to benefit the ending of hunger,illness and lack of clothing and education in Africa. The Commodores disbanded not too long after this release.
 B000LBEG2G-3 POSITIVO  I received the CD in less than 2 weeks, great!And the package was in best conditions too!100% positive!see ya later for some shoppingbest regards from Italy
 B000003DT8-0 POSITIVO  THE SONGS WAS BOTH POWERFUL AND SPIRIT FILL. FROM BEGIN TO END, REV. SMITH AND HIS CHOIR SHOW OUTSTANDING ABILITY TO KEEP YOU ATTUNE TO THE WORDS AS WELL AS THE BEAT.
 B000003DT8-1 POSITIVO  This is by far the best Wings cd produed. Even better than the latest out. Get this one, and be blessed by a guest performance by Dottie Peoples.Thsi is THE Wings cd to buy and it's at a sweet deal of a price used!!!
 B000003DT8-2 POSITIVO  Rev. Dreyfus Smith is one dynamic singer and as well as pastor. Kudos goes to Rev. Dreyfus C. Smith and the entire Wings of Faith Mass Choir. This is only the beginning. And if you thought this CD was da bomb, stay tuned for the next one. Get Ready--Get Ready--Get Ready!!!!
 B000003DT8-3 POSITIVO  The CD was excellent from beginning to the end. Can't wait for the next Album. Due in out Summer '99
 B000003DT8-4 POSITIVO  LOVED THE ENERGY AND MESSAGE GIVEN IN SONG BY REV. DREYFUS SMITH AND THE WINGS OF FAITH MASS CHOIR! LOOKING FORWARD TO LISTENING AND PURCHASING THEIR NEW RELEASE &quot;WAITNG ON GOD&quot;&quot;
 B00000285N-0 NEGATIVO  I NEED TO FIND STANDING ON HOLY GROUND. PLEASE LET ME KNOW WHICH CD OR CASSETTE I CAN FIND THIS. THANK YOU. JANET BROGDON HB423@AOL.COM
 B00000285N-1 POSITIVO  GOD IS CERTAINLY IN THE MIRACLE BUSINESS..NO MISTAKE ABOUT THAT....
 B00000285N-2 POSITIVO  This Grammy Award winning choir is an inspiration to my life as well as the many lives I have touched. To god be the glory for the gift He has bestowed on the choir directorship of Mrs. Carol Cymbala, who orchestrates the arrangement of song and praise for each selection. I highly recommend the CD's and tapes, in addition, to books for spiritual growth and god's anointing on the lives every man, woman and child.
 B00000285N-3 POSITIVO  This video uplifted my spirits and made me feel so much closer to God. The testimonies and songs combine to show how truly good God is. I especially identified with the song &quot;I'm Clean&quot; because my daughter and son-in-law are recovering addicts (doing very well). I sent them a copy of the video because it can only help them in their battle to stay &quot;clean&quot;.
 B00000285N-4 POSITIVO  The Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir is simply a testament of God's faithfulness and grace from a group of people who have made prayer their number one priority. They are the most unlikely people accomplishing the most extra-ordinary things through Jesus Christ. You will be encouraged with any album and you will learn how to worship the Lord in a new, refreshing way that will bless the Lord.
 B00000285N-5 POSITIVO  I went to see the Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir in concert at Memphis. As usual it was a wonderful performance. God truly moved. After the concert I bought this cd it was really good. I enjoyed the different songs. Whenever you are down this cd is for you. It will make your day alot brighter. This choir is truly inspired and dedicated to serving and singing for God.
 B00000285N-6 POSITIVO  This was the first Brooklyn Tabernacle CD I purchased. While in the music store, I noticed that they recorded a rendition of &quot;I Bowed on my Knees and Cried Holy.&quot; I just had to buy it and see how good this choir could sing that! I was completely astonished! You can hear glory, honor, and power in their vocies. Surely the presence of the Lord was in the tabernacle when they were singing - I strongly recommend you buy and listen to this CD.
 B00000285N-7 POSITIVO  The CD is an awesome CD. The CD lets me know that God will be faithful no matter what you go through. The CD inspires me to just trust and believe in God.
 B00000285N-8 POSITIVO  I purchased this CD over 10 years ago and apparently lost it. I was so glad to find a copy of it here.
 B00000285N-9 POSITIVO  The music from this group is some of the most anointed I have ever heard, and I have been listening to Christian music for over 50 years.The words are so revelant to the praise and worshp of our Lord God Jesus!The melodies are just beautiful, beautiful.The testimonies of the choir members of how God brought them in and changed their lives is some of the most inspiring.I never grow tired of this music.Sincerely,VRGG a born again,Spirit filled believer
 B00000285N-10 POSITIVO  This is fantastic praise and worship album. It made me fall in love with this choir and I've been listening to them every since; going on 12 years now!
 B000J2EYM4-0 POSITIVO  I saw an ad for this CD a couple years ago & ordered it. Found myself listening to it more than The Smiths or solo Morrissey. He really sounds like the Morrissey of America, but has his own hip, melancholic vibe. The title song, The End Of Everything is a fabulous anthem of Sadness. Coulter, if yer reading this- don't give up! Please record more wonderful, melodic odes to fallen angels and relationships.
 B000AAL36A-0 POSITIVO  For those who grew up during WW II and the 50's, this CD will bring back fond and wonderful memories. It is superb. Sinatra's voice is young, and mature. Dorsey's band (really an orchestra) is sophisticated and creative: in harmonies, rhythms, and syncopation. The songs deal with youth, and the universal "magic" and appeal of love! One truly appreciates one's era when listening. For those younger: listen to what you missed.Thomas C. Putnam
 B0002OOUR8-0 POSITIVO  Because this record sounds like everything you heard, late at night from the back seat during family road trips. Your parents were driving up front, maybe your dad had the window cracked and smoke was slipping into the night from his cigarette. This is before the divorce, before you had time to get bitter, when your little sister was sleeping next to you and Mom and Dad were humming along to America or Bread and everythig seemed okay in the world.Except it's better than that. Because this isn't retro-nostalgia or borrowed Gram Parsons riffs. All those late nights and empty highways are in there, but this record is fresh, without a whiff of irony or a winking nostalgia.Instead it's a summer afternoon, no place to be, the fridge full of cold beer, the coals in the grill almost ready, your buddies shooting the bull and a girl you're crazy about by your side.It's harmony and melody and old fashioned song craft. It's the pure joy of 12 string guitars and sweet jams. It's summer and wine and first kisses and you should own it.
 B0002OOUR8-1 POSITIVO  Well, if you are, then you've found the right album. They even say so w/ their song "Be My Friend." An album with inspired melodies from the likes of poco, america, the byrds, flying burrito brothers, the list goes on; you'll be humming the melodies at work (if you have a job that is), and smiling every time you listen. I duly and truly recommend this for anyone out there who's a fan of canyon-rock, alt-country, or anyone who yearns for the music of the past.
 B0002OOUR8-2 POSITIVO  I have never written a review, but this record is so good that I felt compelled to do so. I based my purchase on an ad that described the music as "something you would listen to as you drive up Pacific Coast Hwy", and the cover art. I was immediately hooked by the first song and the next three were classics as well. The entire album is a cohesive, well crafted, piece of listenable pop with flavors of Southern Calfornia, 70's America (the band), and early Byrds. You don't often hear this quality of songcrafting these days. When this band takes off, remember you heard it here first.
 B0002OOUR8-3 POSITIVO  Maplewood would have to rate as one of the most pleasant surprises, I have encountered musically in many years. Having recently discovered and loved Grant Lee (Phillips,Buffalo)Josh Rouse, Jeff Larsen, I thought I had found almost all of the worthy in this genre, (whatever it is)But I was wrong, Maplewood is simply wonderful. Parallels include CSN, Byrds, America & because of the underdog status they currently enjoy, although that doesn;t sell records, Poco, too. I don't know who these guys are but it seems there are three composers vocalists all whom play guitars and share lead vocals. Everything is tight, all in all the songs are good in the easy, country rock style. But the sound is contemporary, they are not a throwback, despite borrowing heavily from the 70's California sound. This is still day one and I am on my forth listen, running the risk of becoming overfamiliar. But track 9 Sea Hero is already a standout in what is a very even quality collection. I guess a less phychedelic Beechwood Sparks is an apt description. Lovely music, but you must excse me while I head to their website. Enjoy
 B0002OOUR8-4 POSITIVO  This album pays hommage to bluegrass, country and folk...complex melodies, great musicians....a high quality, pleasing work.
 B0002OOUR8-5 POSITIVO  Do something good for yourself, buy Maplewood's debut release and let the luminious strains of their retro-California country rock untangle the knots of your work day away....... Guaranteed to make you want to drive with the windows down and the radio loud.
 B000008M3F-0 POSITIVO  I had been looking for this CD for years until recently when I purchased it by sheer luck. Kit's musical style is truly remarkable. Every track on the album is outstanding, from &quot;Spacewalk&quot; to &quot;When the Mountains Talk&quot; to &quot;Wind and Water&quot;. With the help of musicians Steve Smith and Andy Narell, this is one of the finest Smooth Jazz albums ever made! Buy it if you can find it!
 B000008M3F-1 POSITIVO  Yes, this CD is very special to me. I'd catagorize this with my happy music series. It takes you from shear happiness and joy to inter-galactic inner peace. I know that may sound a bit out there, but you must have it in your collection to know what I mean. I'm truly blessed to have found this CD again after losing it with around 600 other CD's in my first collection. I won't go into that sad part of my life, but this CD should have been re-issued years ago. I'd like to know what Kit is up to lately, because he's a true talent.
 B000008M3F-2 POSITIVO  I interviewed Kit Walker around the time this album came out, and he was a very good interview. He was very quiet and laid back, but over the phone one could sense the intensity with which he followed his music and his passion. This recording was an eye opener for me, and I realized that Walker was on the verge of tapping into jazz, fusion and new age and as he said breaking down boundaries. This adventurism is something that has colored all his work since."Natural Habitat," with its thumping rhythm section and layered keyboards is a great beginning. "Spacewalk" features Zakir Hussein on tabla, and a number of Windham Hill friends such as Andy Narell appear here. "Temple of Stars" and "When the Mountains Talk" were also favorites of mine.This is great intro to Kit Walker's music. I've played it countless times over the years to friends, including musicians, and they all get it to one extent or another. I think you will as well.
 B000008M3F-3 POSITIVO  This is an excellent CD and it should be on every real jazz lovers IPod! Very melodic with a lot of action. Kit and the musicians put much care and there hearts in this one. My favorite is "wind and Water". The bass player (Keith Jones) is on his game. Andy Narrell and the percussionist (Glen Cronkhite) were kicking! My 18 year old son plays the bass, and really likes it to. You can tell, these guys were playing hard to pay the bills. Please listen with a good set of headphones (Grado SR80's or Koss Port-a-Pro's). You will be amazed.
 B000008M3F-4 POSITIVO  Still a great album by piano and synthesizer player Kit Walker, despite its relatively ancient vintage (1987), perhaps best described as New Age with balls, on the Windham Hill Jazz label. Like most Windham Hill Jazz releases, this one is an SF Bay Area collaboration with no small measure of input from the highly talented pansman Andy Narell, who plays and co-produces. The usual local support crew abound, here including the likes of Steve (Journey & Steps Ahead) Smith on drums, Keith Jones on bass (and what a bass player he is) and Norbert Stachel on sax. Also featured are Tony Pagano (flute and piccolo), Zakir Hussein (tabla), Pete Escovedo (congas, timbales & percussion) and yet more percussion c/o Glenn Cronkhite. A most impressive cast of fine musicians.This superb collection of instrumental compositions hasn't dated at all, much of it remaining wonderfully uplifting, not least in view of the ace recording/production. The follow up, Fire In The Lake, was a great disappointment, but this one's lovely and, in my experience, quite his best work. It's just so full of life and beauty. Perhaps a US West Coast foil to Friedemann's (magical) Indian Summer from the same year, though I have to say that for me this one has the edge, principally because it's got more backbone.Highly recommended, not least for outstanding tracks such as Temple of Stars and the solo piano composition I'll Meet You There which closes the album. Miss this one and your life will be poorer. Bag it and your life will be enriched.
 B000000DWQ-0 POSITIVO  Thomas Mapfumo is one of the most popular artists of the Chimurenga cultural movement, of the liberation musical movement in Zimbabwe. The songs on "The Chimurenga Singles 1976-1980" describe the sadness and the confusion of the war and post-war time in Zimbabwe. But they also describe the hopes and the determination for a new Zimbabwe.On "Chauya Chirizevha (Rural life is back)", when Thomas Mapfumo sings that The war is over in Zimbabwe, life is back to normal in rural areas, it gives me the goose bumps. I don't understand the language in which Thomas Mapfumo sings but you easily feel the energy and the determination in his voice. The music is solid and engaging. The more energetic songs are uplifting. This is important, meaningful music. If you are interested in African music, you should get your hand on at least one CD from Thomas Mapfumo and the Blacks Unlimited. A note for bass players: there are some really interesting, energetic, warn bass lines. You'll be surprised.At the first listening, the sound might sound a bit rough but, as specified in the CD booklet: &quot;the quality on some of these tracks leaves to be desired, but remember they were made under war conditions&quot;.I would also recommend the "Chimurenga Forever - The best of Thomas Mapfumo" CD on the Hemisphere label. A very good introduction to the more modern, polished sound of Thomas Mapfumo and the Blacks Unlimited. A lot of titles on the Hemisphere label are so so but this is an important exception.
 B000000DWQ-1 POSITIVO  Along with the 1977 Hokoyo and 1980's Gwindingwe Rine SHumba, (and a number of Queens hotel performances in the 1980s) probably the defining moments of an extraordinary career. The best entry point on CD for a new listener. Next stop stereo volume control to maximum.
 B000067DNT-0 POSITIVO  I am no expert in classical music but I've fallen in love with some pieces and one of them is Bach's Chaconne from Partitas and Sonatas for solo violin. This piece has been transcribed many times, for guitar by Segovia, orchestra by Alfredo Casella and Stokovski among others. It has also been transcribed for piano by Busoni and Michelangeli plays the piece according to this transcription. I have been familiar with the Chaconne and I have learned to love it from the guitar of Narciso Yeppes, but I' ve listened to it from many other versions as well. Few times have I listened to a version that does not reach sublimity and this is not the case with Michelangeli, to be sure. Yet the man at some point seems to me to be speeding as if he were driving his Ferrari at a barbarous speed conflating chords and betraying the ethos of this solemn masterpiece. At other points he seems to slow down and reveal the numinous, mystical quality of the music. Comparing Michelangeli with Evgeny Kissin's performance of the same transcription which seems to be more orthodox or conventional I sense Michellangeli's boisterous personality playing a great part in his performance. My objection (if I can be excused for this) is that such a masterpiece as Chaconne has no need of the mark of individuality to reach the hights of the sublime, on the contrary the performer should surrender to the ethos of the eternal form and let it shine through.Overall this is a very beautiful collection with pieces that demand virtuosity and Michelangeli is a master at that.
 B000067DNT-1 NEGATIVO  Let me make it clear that I do not have this particular release. What I have (had) is an earlier, and first CD release of the same material, on an Italian EMI Studio (Michelangeli plays J.S. Bach Partita No 2 BWV 1004; Brahms Variations on a Paganini Theme op 35; Mozart Concerto No 15 K450 (EMI)). What appeared on the Italian release was akin to wilful deceit. Only a 1968 copyright date was given, in face of which one was dismayed to hear a hollow and distant sound. Well, no wonder: the Bach/Busoni and Brahms were actually among Michelangeli's first recordings (the Brahms Paganini Variations by the way is not the complete thing, but Michelangeli's own selection and reordering of 25 out of the 28), dating from 1948, and the Mozart was made in 1951. I guess the 1968 copyright referred to the date of the transfer from the original 78rpms to tape; which I suppose were used in turn for this initial CD release, rather than going from the original shellacs - and those transfers were fairly sloppy too, as the two solo items were cut at a quarter-tone too low...This may have been improved on the new reissue, and maybe the liner notes give more correct information about recording dates as well (I've seen the disc, in shrink wrap, and saw that this deceitful 1968 copyright date was still on the back cover), but whatever that may be, this is still not the best way to acquire this particular material, as the coupling of the two solo pieces and the concerto has no coherence. Instead, I recommend the EMI Reference CD issue of Michelangeli's near complete early solo recordings (CDH 7 64490 2,Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli (R&eacute;f&eacute;rences)- see my review), with the same magisterial readings of Bach/Busoni and Brahms plus a marvellously brash and youthful Beethoven sonata no. 3, two Scarlatti sonatas and encore pieces by Grieg, Mompou, Albeniz and Granados - and pitch-right reproduction. As for the Mozart, it has also been reissued on an EMI References CDH 7 63819 2 with the much more palatable coupling of Mozart's piano concertos no. 13 and 23 conducted by Franco Caracciolo in 1953 (Mozart: Piano Concerti 13, 15, 23). So unless you adamantly want the particular coupling of this Encore reissue...
 B000002UHU-0 POSITIVO  This is one of my all time favorite Blues albums without a doubt. If i could, i would give this one 10 stars also!!It has everything, gritty vocals, steel-picked guitar notes that will cut you in half, and a tight backing band. This album and "Texas Cannonball" are my fave Freddie King albums and the feel is similar on both, although this one has a slight edge and this could be because the choice of songs is stronger on this c.d.."Woman Across The River' was covered recently by The Allman Bros(on Hitting The Note) they did a superb job also, but here is the original....Percy Mayfields song "Danger Zone" is handled exquisitely by Freddie and the blues shuffles "Yonder Wall" and "I'm Ready' just leave you breathless!Whenever i remember seeing Freddie perform live, even today, the hairs on my head tend to stand on edge...he was a rivetting powerhouse of a man, standing 6 feet 6 inches tall. To me Freddie King WAS the meaning of Electric Blues! Personified!His influence spread far and wide from Gilmore,Texas across the Atlantic to the turntables of Eric Clapton , Paul Kossoff, Mick Taylor & Peter Green.
 B000002UHU-1 POSITIVO  If you like Freddie King, this cd is for you, if you're not very familiar with Freddie and you want to start, this cd is a must, his version of "just a little bit" is second to none, there is also a good version of "I'm ready"
 B000002UHU-2 POSITIVO  This is a fantastic Freddie King album, with not a single dull track on the disc. "Look On Yonder Wall" and the often-covered "I'm Your Hoochie Coochie Man" are great, despite the latter being done by everyone and their grandmother. I highly recommend picking up this disc, despite the expensive price. Perhaps it can be downloaded or a used copy can be purchased. This is essential electric Blues listening.
 B0002KO95A-0 POSITIVO  This was a good cd for a newcomer. Released and sold by the artist prior to his time on Nashville Star, this is a must have for any fan of the show and the winner Chris Young!
 B0002KO95A-1 POSITIVO  Even on this first effort, Chris demonstrates that he can sing like no other. If you can find a copy of this first independent release ... GRAB IT!
 B000EBGEEG-0 POSITIVO  I've never heard about Ramirez's Misa Criolla, until our chamber choir discussed the possibility of adding the Misa Criolla to our repertoire. The first recording I listened to was the Philips CD with Jose Carreras - I had goose bumps all over and was hooked by this wonderful piece of music. However, nothing prepared me for the Zamba Quipildor recording, which absolutely blew me away.In my opinion Quipildor has the most quintessential voice for this piece of work. The choir does not dominate Quipilador and they compliment each other in a way, which is the way I personally think Ramirez would have wanted it to be. When this recording is playing, you get the South American vibe and it feels as if you are actually sitting in a Cathedral in Argentina.The choir is wonderful and produces a sound which is representative of "peasants" with some musical sense. On some recordings the choir drags down the piece, being too overbearing with a low quality sound and being totally off pitch. I love this recording and it is a definite asset to my collection of classical music.
 B0006HSU6S-0 NEUTRO  I bought this cd off the fact that it looked pretty cool, I've seen it in the past at other cd places and was really overpricred, luckily I found it for cheap and tried it out...I was happy with it. Thier best I believe is 5 dollars a ticket. Their set back is they almost "over-Psych" the songs. They do a cover of Tobacco Road, and at first listen you could not even tell it is the same song, due to all the Psych-out. I still would suggest it if you want to try somthing new...Just don't pay more than 20 bucks for it.
 B000NRY182-0 NEGATIVO  Hello,I was excited to discover this cd because of the extended remix version of rythym method. This cd was extremely expensive and claims to be remastered, so I expected it to sound amazing. So dissapointing. Whoever remastered this needs to find a new job! It sounds awful on my stereo. I know your probably thinking maybe my stereo is not up to par. Actually, it's a very high end british system so I am confident its the disc. I have hundreds of cd's and this is one of the top 3 worse quality recordings in my collection. Not recomended because it sounds so compressed and digital that you don't want to listen to it. Your better off downloading mp3's of the originals, then burning them to disc. They will probably sound even better and you'll save money. I would be shocked if it could sound any worse. It really is that bad!
 B000007SLB-0 POSITIVO  This disk should appeal to deadheads and nondeadheads alike. It is somewhat of a super session. Members include Jimmy Herring (Aquarium Rescue Unit &amp; The Allman Brothers Band) on guitar, Alphonso Johnson (Weather Report &amp; Santana) bass guitar, Billy Cobham (Miles Davis &amp; Mahavishnu Orchestra)drums, and T Lavitz (Dixie Dregs &amp; Steve Morse Band) on keyboards. The idea was to have jazz fusion heroes to perform instrumental versions of Grateful Dead tunes. The result is highly effective. Though not a total deadhead I am a fan of some of their more progressive music (not the country/folk stuff). It is evident that this band is musically tighter and more technically proficient than the Grateful Dead ever could be. Jimmy Herring is an underrated guitarist. He makes an economical use of every note without being overblown. Herring also projects a sweet feeling to his playing at times. If you ever wondered what it would sound like if Duane Allman or Dickey Betts joined the Grateful Dead, it might sound like this. Billy Cobham is arguably the best jazz fusion drummer. His playing sounds sort of like a more controlled yet jazzy version of Keith Moon or Ginger Baker. Alphonso Johnson works well with Cobham. His popping bass gets your feet tapping. I wonder how long they had to rehearse before aquiring this sort of telepathy between each other. T. Lavitz is adventurous yet solid on keyboards. The best part of the disk might be the song selection. The disk includes many of my favorites like great versions of &quot;Dark Star&quot; and &quot;Help On The Way/Slipknot/Franklin's Tower&quot; and &quot;Scarlet Begonias&quot;. The disk also contains a heated version of Cobham's &quot;Red Baron&quot; from his &quot;Spectrum&quot; album (one of the best early jazz fusion albums w/Tommy Bolin). The cover tunes provide a basic framework but serve as a springboard for jamming and progressive musical explorations. Occasional hints of reggae and funk are added to sections of some of the songs which make them more interesting. In summary fans of great musicianship, jazz fusion and/or deadheads will find this to be an essential purchase.
 B000007SLB-1 POSITIVO  Not being a GD fan but rather a fusion fan and admirer of the members' respective bands and legendary status, I found this to be a very good CD that will expose GD fans to a much higher standard of musicianship. Anyone who does not acknowledge the GD's amazingly successful career and touring draw would be someone who cannot judge the facts. I do not want to be perceived as being disrespectful of the Greatful Dead, but this is music of another standard.Having seen the new lineup: (Rod Morganstein (Dixie Dregs/Winger/Rudess-Morganstein Project) and Jeff Sipe aka Apartment Q258 (Aquarium Rescue Unit/Col. Bruce Hampton/Jonas Hellborg) as dueling drummers and replacing Billy Cobham who is regarded as being one of the top drummers of all time and on this release, Jimmy Herring (Aquarium Rescue Unit/Col. Bruce Hampton/Allman Bros), Alphonso Johnson (Weather Report/Widespread Panic/Bruce Hornsby, T. Lavitz (Dixie Dregs cofounder/Jefferson Starship, Nils Lofgren/Mothers Finest and here ya go GD trivialists: the almost GD keyboard player (2nd choice for the seat, they wanted vocals too and chose Vince Welnick (Tubes))in Chicago on 8/14/99, it is only getting better ! This band has become a very aggressive fusion powerhouse. I thought it a little out of place to see the GD &quot;dazed dance&quot; being done to this format, but I was impressed by the GD fans adaptability. I think im my case it is an advantage to not know the original tunes, but I also could understand that some GD fans might feel the memory being blaspheamed and might not understand the interpretations. My recommendations, like the Dead or not, is buy this CD with an open mind and give it a spin. If you like it, make sure to check out the member's respective bands... we're talking about some of the best musicans around and they each,(with the exception of Sipe and Herring, although easily within the same league) have a multi-decade track record of being involved with the evolution of progressive music. If you have the opportunity to talk with them as I have, they are nice guys to boot, lacking any trace of the ego-fest that others in this genre are known for !
 B000007SLB-2 POSITIVO  of a fusion group consisting of extremely talented individuals, who take songs of one of musics most beloved groups, The Grateful Dead, and create a new masterpiece. The Dead`s music was always launching points for incredible music journeys, especially live, and this band continues in that vein.From the opening Crazy Fingers with it`s wonderful interplay, to the Blues for Allah medley, where the group shows their interpretation of one the Dead`s most complex pieces, to the centerpiece of this CD, the Dead`s own musical space vehicle Dark Star.Featuring Jimmy Herring, a soon to be household name, on guitar, Alphonso Johnson, bass master extraordinaire, keyboardist T.Lavitz, and drum legend Billy Cobham, this CD makes you hope that they continue to mine the fertile songbboks of the Dead. This was the CD that had me at the record store once a week waiting for the follow up, Laughing Water.This will please both Dead and jazz fans, and will convert new ones.
 B000007SLB-3 POSITIVO  I first heard of Jazz Is Dead from my sister who saw a show of their's in Detroit when they were touring with Merl Saunders and the Rainforest Band. She was kind enough to get a tape of the show and I was blown away.Now this all-star cast offers their instrumental treatment of classic Dead tunes from &quot;Dark Star&quot; to &quot;Unbroken Chain&quot; to a medley from the timeless album, &quot;Blues for Allah.&quot;Guitarist Jimmy Herring (of Aquarium Rescue Unit fame, among others) offers moving riffs that substitute for the vocal lines, while Mahivishnu Orchestra drummer-extraordinaire Billy Cobham and bassist Alphonso Johnson (toured with Santana) maintain a tight but jazzy rhythm section for T Lavitz' (Dixie Dregs co-founder, formerly of Widespread Panic) psychedelic keys add to the wonderous sound.This album is not only testament to the incredible musical talent of this group, but also the fact that Grateful Dead wrote incredible songs. If you like the Dead or any of the aformentioned bands, you will definitely love this album!
 B000007SLB-4 POSITIVO  This album is THAT good, no kidding. I could go throught it track by track, note by note, solo by solo, but I'll skip all that and get straight to the point. Blue Light Rain is one of the best albums you will ever own, I assure you. I mean Billy Cobham!! T. Lavitz!! Alfonso Johnson!! and the one and only Jimmy Herring!! That may not mean anything to you now, but wait until you hear this disk then you will definitley know what I mean. This is the kind of album that will stay with you for the rest of your life no matter how your musical preferences may change. I have played this album for people who hate Jazz and loath the Dead and they have LOVED it, it really is THAT good. So stop reading this now and add this to your shopping cart, you will never regret it.
 B000007SLB-5 NEGATIVO  Don't be misled. If you are a fan of Aquarium Rescue Unit and think Jazz is Dead is for you...Be warned. Jimmy has a brand new bag...and it stinks. For those of you that love Jazz, don't expect to find any here. Unless you are a dead head searching for someone to fill the void left by Jerry Garcia's death...Jazz is dead is not for you. Save your money and give your favorite Miles CD another listen.
 B000007SLB-6 POSITIVO  You can't beat this CD! It is my favorite. I am a huge Deadhead and since the loss of Jerry, it is hard to get your fix.If you like fusion mixed with Dead tunes, you will love this Blue Light Rain.Billy Cobham is unbelievable. Jimmy Herring plays the hottest licks on Guitar. His work on this CD is what gave him the noteriety to be called up to the Phil and Friends. I actually enjoy Jimmy more in this band. Alfonso plays with abandon. This is probaly the best of T. Lavitz's work.If you only get one Jazz is Dead CD or One CD all year, you would be missing out if you did not add Blue Light Rain to your collection!
 B000007SLB-7 NEUTRO  Jazz is Dead asks the musical question - what if Jerry and Bob and Phil just shut up and just PLAYED?The results are mixed. By focusing on the compositions, arrangements and improvisations, JID succeeds in tightening up the Deads trademark sloppy ensemble work. The limited time they've played together adds a freshness and energy lacking from the Deads last, oh let's see...., 25 years of performances.Despite almost 35 years as a performing unit the GD remained a glorified garage band. A rehearsal tape from 1995 that captures Phil struggling to teach the band his composition Unbroken Chain underscores how little their experience helped them to understand the technical structure of music.Jazz training forces a musician to embrace the technical complexities of music. A seasoned collection of jazz musicians like JID could learn a composition like Unbroken Chain in one sitting.The GD's live performances of Unbroken Chain show a bored, jaded group going through the motions. JID performing the same composition sound fresh, tight and inspired.On paper, JID sounds like the perfect setting to interpret the GD's music. It almost is. As pathetic as the GD's vocals can be, their tunes sound thin without them. Having the guitar play the melody's just doesn't have the range necessary to bring out much depth. The GD's lyrics gave each song a cinematic quality absent from JID. It's almost like we're hearing the studio master tracks waiting for the vocal overdubs.Jimmy Herring is a fine guitarist and is able to solo through the tunes finding notes and phrases that were beyond anything Garcia ever attempted. What he can't match is the flowing, effortless quality JG had during his better moments. For all of his ability JH remains a craftsman. For all of his limitations, JG was an artist.T Lavitz has impeccable credentials. The problem is he is expected to do too much. He is at least as good as any GD keyboard player, but can't contribute enough to fill the void left by removing the vocals, JG's leads, Bobbys rhythm guitar, and a second drummer. The GD never allowed their keyboard players to embark on long solos. They discovered early on that their compositions (and audience) simply didn't respond well. Ears trained to hear jazz subtleties find it relatively easy to listen to long keyboard solos, ears raised on rock and roll find it much harder. JID should follow the GB's example, add a more dynamic solo voice and allow T Lavitz to play more of a supporting role.Billy Cobham and Tony Jackson are above reproach. One can only wonder what the GD would have sounded like with groove as tight as JIDs' to drive them. Still, as good as Cobham is, he only has four limbs and can't add the variety and depth a drummer and a world class percussionist provide. The listener is left with a choice between the GD's uneven inventiveness and JID's well oiled rhythm engine.As was the case with the GB, I suspect JID's strength may lie in live performance. I wonder if they do a second set &quot;space jam&quot;? If so, it would tell us a great deal about their creative potential.One thing is clear. For all their faults (perhaps because of their faults), the musical and cultural experiment called the GB will never be improved on or repeated.As a closet Jazz guy and one time Deadhead I'd like to see them live, but it would be hard to imagine touring with them to see each of their east coast shows. Their music intrigues, but doesn't have the range to captivate the following their musical model enjoyed.
 B000007SLB-8 POSITIVO  Talking about the clasic bands of different kinds of music such as ,Grateful Dead,Allman Brothers Band,Santana,Dixie Dregs, and some others,Jazz is Dead virtually gathers the new things of this musical tendencies of contemporary Jazz Rock and Fusion.In Blue light Rain, we find the agressive part of Jazz Rock and the complex part of fusion expressed with armony and melody played in a creative way by four great musicians known all over the world as J.Herring, A.Johnson,T.Lavitz,B.Cobhan which are considered outstanding showing their own style that makes them particular in the world of music nowdays.My opinion is that all these stars I've mentioned so far are still present in the music we are listening to today.
 B000007SLB-9 POSITIVO  I saw Jazz Is Dead several years ago and was blown away. They do jazz covers of Grateful Dead tunes. I really enjoyed this record.
 B000007SLB-10 POSITIVO  I picked up this CD After seeing Jazz is Dead live at 1st Ave in Minneapolis. You never really know what you're getting when one does this but in this case I was very satisified. This CD not only captured the talent of this band,(Cobham and Herring are unreal) but the energy that goes along with a live show. The songs are from the legendary Greatful Dead and take on a familiar theme. Being a Dead fan, it's done very well! This is a must CD for any jazz collection.
 B000007SLB-11 POSITIVO  I saw these guys live in PA in this format, mainly because I wanted to see Billy Cobham, and I was completely blown away. Although this may upset many Dead fans, here it is: this is the way I wish the Dead HAD sounded. GD were visionaries and pioneers and underrated songwriters, but their musicianship (Jerry included) tended to be sloppy at times, and there was always a certain lack of energy or urgency to their playing. They were great for the mellow hippie-sway dancing thing, but they never really ROCKED. These guys do. Each member is a virtuoso on his own, and together they take the exploratory approach made famous by the Dead (who actually took it from Ornette Coleman and other jazz outfits) but at the same time they play with extreme precision and take the jams to energy levels that unfortunately the Dead rarely could. If you like this cd check out all 3 of their cds. Great Sky River is probably my favorite even though "Space" and "Drums" are still boring no matter who is playing them.On an odd note, just to highlight the Deadhead disconnect from the rest of the world, I know many Deadheads who don't really care for Jazz Is Dead, which is simply beyond comprehension to me. Even Jimmy Herring said in an interview that Phil Lesh (who he now plays with) wasn't very impressed with Jazz Is Dead. Again, I can't even fathom this, when JID to me, is infinitely more interesting than many of the Dead bootlegs I've heard throughout the years. And most of my friends who are serious musicians are far more impressed with this band, than the original. Of course, I'd take Alphonso Johnson's solid playing over Phil's any day too. And I won't even get into the Billy Cobham vs Mickey Hart drumming styles which to me is one of the biggest differences and a complete no-brainer.Anyways, for Deadhead's, jazz-heads, or anyone else who digs great live music, without a net check these guys out. Unfortunately they don't tour anymore, but we still have the recordings. Peace.
 B000007SLB-12 POSITIVO  I had downloaded many of the &quot;Jazz is Dead&quot; songs from the internet prior to buying this CD, so the music wasn't new to me when I finally received it as a gift.Overall, it's a lively interesting take on many Grateful Dead songs, and the first, &quot;Crazy Fingers&quot; is my favorite of the CD, even though I'm not too familiar with the Dead's versions of this song.One problen with the CD is the jazzy nature of the covers. The more a song deviates from the original, the harder it is to sing along, or even to follow the cover. This happens a bit on this album, and is why I rated it four stars instead of five.
 B000007SLB-13 POSITIVO  Man, this album is nuts. I first heard and learned to solo the scales listening and playing along to this album. I've always hated the Greatful Dead and their untight, hippie, almost country music sound. None the less, they've got some great songs to cover when their are musicians playing it the most technically they can, sober, and with tight timing. All these guys are make the Dead songs sound so much better than they were. I really really hate hippies.
 B000007SLB-14 POSITIVO  just having Billy Cobham on your Record alone makes things interesting fast.the music is blazing and has alot of drive to it.Jimmy Herring plays a steady guitar.i like the feel&amp;sound of the band.it's a solid disc.
 B000007SLB-15 POSITIVO  I picked up this CD After seeing Jazz is Dead live at 1st Ave in Minneapolis. You never really know what you're getting when one does this but in this case I was very satisified. This CD not only captured the talent of this band,(Cobham and Henning are unreal) but the energy that goes along with a live show. The songs are from the legendary Greatful Dead and take on a familiar theme. Being a Dead fan, it's done very well! This is a must CD for any jazz collection.
 B000007SLB-16 NEUTRO  Amazon consumers almost always dismiss and vote down negative reviews, but there needs to be some balanced feedback on "Blue Light Rain." Jazz Is Dead plays Grateful Dead style background music. This music is bland, boring and uninspiring; this group does little justice to the Grateful Dead. I'm not coming from a fanatical "I'm a Grateful zealot and nobody can do the Grateful Dead like the Dead" point of view. Far from it, I believe that a good tribute pays homage to the parent while simultaneously making a fresh interpretation. There is no innovation here, despite the talented and otherwise accomplished musicians. Indeed, Jazz is Dead is the ultimate example of how a group can be less than the sum total of its parts. On a Friday night, any party band in any college town can play music of this caliber. Beyond the issue of musical mediocrity, Jazz Is Dead is false advertising. I purchased this when it first came out in 1998, ecstatic at the potential of a group playing jazz interpretations of the Grateful Dead's material. Contrary to the band's name, there is no jazz on this CD; this is instrumental rock. This may seem like a victimless crime, but have you thought about the day when some talented up-and-coming band will play real jazz versions of the Grateful Dead? What will they call themselves? Yeah, the most clever aspect of Jazz is Dead is their name and they don't live up to it. If you're looking for jazz versions of the Grateful Dead, go with Joe Gallant's "Blues for Allah Project" or "Swingin' to the Grateful Dead." "Blue Light Rain" is for those seeking Grateful Dead style elevator music.
 B000007SLB-17 POSITIVO  When Jerrry died, i was afraid i would never get to hear the dead live again. With Jazz is Dead, there is no need too. This cd takes dead classics to make them funkier and Jazzier, but makes you feel like you are hearing the dead all over again. I recommend it for anyone who loves the dead. Catch the lives shows as well, just as intense as the dead!
 B000FTAR0Y-0 POSITIVO  The title track to Mr. Leonhardt's "Two Lane Highways" is a clever, catchy song that captures the nostalgic longings of a man who honed his youthful driving skills on the meandering blacktops of days gone by. "Highway driving back then was a challenge, a rite of passage for young men. Nowadays, it's compact cars and freeways and memories of how it was back then." It gets to be more true as time goes by.
 B00005YN2B-0 POSITIVO  Los Razos are the most exaggerated norte&ntilde;o band. Their lyrics are truly inspiring and explore the real narc world from a sarcastic perspective. Songs like "Chingon de chingones" and "Puro mexicano" satirize patriotism and resemble the truly way of thinking of mankind. Indudablemente, son 15 madrazos bien chingones... y arriba Sinaloa!!!
 B000003EDK-0 POSITIVO  The most exciting CD of it's series. This is the best CD i ever seen. Congratulations for all DJ's. Leonardo Schramm - 01/2000 Rio de Janeiro - Brazil
 B00022FWMM-0 POSITIVO  Contemporary recordings of Classic Surfari tunes; if you are a Surfaris fan, and want to hear them perform super-clean state-of-the-art renditions of tunes that put them on the Surf Map years ago, this CD is a must. I would not say this CD is necessarily better than their classic releases, but it is definitely something fresh for your collection.About the only song that left me flat was the Hawaii Five-0 cover;in my opinion, it's tough to put a fresh spin on that tune without taking something away from that adrenaline &quot;Book 'em Danno&quot; rush I get each I hear it.Everything else on this CD rocks! I especially enjoyed their new spin on &quot;Apache&quot; and &quot;Penetration.&quot; They give these tunes a fresh coat of paint without butchering the spirit of the songs.If you enjoy this release, I highly recommend chasing it with The Ventures' 1998 release &quot;New Depths,&quot; which I believe to be one of the top 10 surf albums ever recorded.
 B00022FWMM-1 POSITIVO  The best of best.. If you love rock then this is it!!I would put it up with the Rolling Stones Live CD only Surf! and early rock and rockabilly, great vocals and hot licks on the guitars!!!!Just good old rock and roll !!
 B00000E8H0-0 POSITIVO  Excellent guitarist; he is very gifted both in rhythm and lead. The same musicianship goes to the bassist and drummer as well. As a drummer myself, I am very impressed with how this drummer plays, and his kit sounds strong. Most if not all "rolls and fills" can be heard clearly, and I appreciate that. If you're into solid instrumentals, this is an album you want to own. It's a great combination of heavy, yet extremely creative and melodic throughout.
 B00009QI41-0 NEUTRO  Made in AUT in 2003, Serial# SJPCD-150, Playing Time 39:32This is album number four from this NWOHM band, and contains 11 blistering tracks. Contrarily to most albums on the Angel Air label, this one is neither live, nor a collection of alternate recordings... it is Jaguar's latest album, recorded during the summer of 2002.Featuring founding member Garry Pepperd on guitar, we also find Jamie Manton (vocals) and Nathan Cox (drums), who were also part of the band's line-up for the 2000-album &quot;Wake Me&quot;; Darren Furze (bass) is the latest addition to this Brit quartet.There are 2 main genres on this album: the sometimes over-the-top, somewhat out of control metal machine (a bit reminiscent of the wilder side of RAVEN) where the vocals are a bit screechy and out of breath, and the more agreeable but still punchy classic metal-type tracks.Nothing particularly outstanding in the musicianship department, the album would have benefitted from more frequent and/or longer guitar breaks. Somewhat similar to the energy displayed on &quot;Wake Me&quot;, this album remains low-keyed on the production side... I wasn't looking for the commercial overdose from the &quot;This Time&quot; album, but a crisper sound would have been a welcome improvement.If you enjoyed &quot;Power Games&quot; or &quot;Wake Me&quot;, you'll be in familiar sonic territory. The energy and the enthusiasm are back, and if they can sell enough copies of this album, maybe the follow-up will have more whoomph in the engineering department.A good, honest (but somewhat short) effort, deserving a place in your metal CD library...
 B00009QI41-1 POSITIVO  i came across this one at my local record store and all i can say is &quot;WOW&quot; , JAGUAR IS BACK BIG TIME. this is one of my top albums for 2003 and deserves a place in any serious metal fans collection. very much in the Power Games vein but speedier with a more modern song structure. As the Crow flies is a definite Metal single, very hooky but still heavy with double bass. seriously, theres not 1 weak track on this album. i look forward to their next, a must for the metal fan
 B00009QI41-2 POSITIVO  Honestly, eveoflove's review really sums up this album perfectly. The album is definitely in the Power Games column, and quite similar in intent and delivery as Wake Me. It may have been nice to hear some other tempos, (everything here is at 200mph, no let up) but it still works. Jamie Manton's voice just grabs you, and is very powerful- I mean you can hear him over Peppard's guitar and the constant double bass percussion.Honestly, this is very heavy metal, more like Helloween at their most intense (without the &quot;happy&quot; lyrics), rather than classic NWOBHM- but the influence is still there. I dig it, I only write this supplementary review to eveoflove because I would give it a little more credit. Maybe a 4 and half if you like fast British metal, like I do. As The Crow Flies and Nailed make great singles.
 B000H49P3M-0 POSITIVO  Hard Hammond organ-driven heavy rock thats rings in sounding sorta like heavier-than-their-usual DEEP PURPLE or perhaps ATOMIC ROOSTER on too much caffiene. Dark, riffy, and big sounding.
 B000H49P3M-1 POSITIVO  I discovered Warpig through Martin Popoff's excellent Ye Olde Metal Vol.1. They sound very much like Deep Purple on a couple of songs, and also remind me a bit of Uriah Heep. Dark at times, good riffs, some classical influences here and there, organ dominated heavy rock. Vocalist reminds me of Rod Evans. Good album that might appeal to fans of the bands mentioned as well as fans of Sabbath and early Blue Oyster Cult.
 B00004S7Q5-0 POSITIVO  These songs are 19th century invention of what baroque singing might have meant. Pure line, beautiful legato, creamy texture and, yes, beautiful sound. Today, we have become cynical about the valu of a pure beautiful sound. And yet, this is what this recital is all about. No gimmicks, no crowning top notes, no adrenaline or testosterone. This is a recital that brings together several antique arias, exquisitely sung by one of the greatest baritones of the last fifty years.Plaisir d'amour! Not maybe a song for the sophisticates, but what pleasure Bruson's singing has brought to me over the years. And I must confess, that several of my friends have also fallen for the simplicity, sincerity and sheer beauty of this CD. Any lover, lover of beautiful singing or lover will find this irresistible.
 B00004S7Q5-1 NEGATIVO  We all know Mr Bruson's fine singing and art.This collection was a good idea in itself but is not the achievement it could have been.First of all the singer force his voice into a dark, throaty timbre which disguises its softness and beauty. Secondly he has made no proficient effort in rendering the correct style and sings the arias as he sings Donizetti.The result varies according to the single aria and, his technique being after all Bruson's technique (agility included), this compilation may well sound pleasing to the ear but is nevertheless a wasted opportunity.
 B000003S30-0 POSITIVO  With atmospheric treatments provided by brother Brian, "Voices" is a lovely album that merits positive comparison to works by Harold Budd. As other reviewers have noted, it has a very similar feel to the ambient classic "The Pearl". It is a bit different however, a little less abstract perhaps. I've been listening to this album for about 20 years now and it definitely holds up.
 B000003S30-1 POSITIVO  I believe this was R. Eno's first album and it is, along with &quot;Between Tides,&quot; (which for some reason is hard to find) his most successful. &quot;Voices&quot; has a lot in common with the Eno/Budd classics &quot;The Pearl&quot; and &quot;Plateaux of Mirror&quot; (the latter of which is also puzzingly hard to find), but is more literal, less moody. A listener will find that, much like Brian Eno's work, the compositions adapt well to a variety of moods and landscapes. The album's chameleon-like quality makes it as relevant now as when it first came out. Later R. Eno would descend miserably into New Agey &quot;chamber music,&quot; but has recently surfaced from that muck with &quot;Damage,&quot; an album also worthy of investigation.
 B000003S30-2 NEUTRO  This, Roger Eno's first solo album, gets a mixed response from me. A few of the tracks, such as &quot;Through The Blue&quot; and &quot;The Old Dance&quot; stand out as some of my all-time favorites. But why do &quot;Voices&quot; and &quot;The Day After&quot; seem to sound just the same? And is it mere coincidence that &quot;Recalling&quot; and &quot;A Place&quot; use the same Left-Hand piano chord pattern? This is an Album that has to be included in the Canon of R. Eno's greatest works, but it also seems more like a vehicle for Brian Eno's &quot;Treatments&quot; than a Roger Eno solo debut.
 B000003S30-3 POSITIVO  The Chinese have a saying that goes something like this: a picture can say more than a thousad words.In many ways this also reflects what can be said about this album.It is completely without lyrics,but says so endlessly much.As such it is an ambient album,but of the easier kind than what often encounters here.It can easily be compared to Brian Eno`s album The Pearl, but with the distinction of being of a kind that appeals more to more cheerful kind. Where Brian`s album is more reflective ,Roger has made his album more open and joyful if you like.In many ways though they are very similar.Actually you might say they are like two sides of a coin. If you would like to spend your coins well I do strogly recommend that you invest in Roger Eno`s VOICES.
 B000003S30-4 POSITIVO  I first came across Roger Eno on Brian Eno'sMusic for Films IIIwhere he performed the wonderfully simple but hugely effective 'Fleeting Smile'. This album is very much in the same vein.Apparently often compared to Satie and Debussy, Roger Eno's work reminds me at times ofAngelo Badalamentiin it's chord progressions and evocative moodiness. It is far more pared down though, not necessarily simplified, but stripped to it's basic components. The essential instrument on all tracks is the acoustic piano but this is treated with echo, reverb and backed up with subtle background electronica. The overall effect can be amazingly calming and uplifting but also, at times, a bit gloomy.I suppose, given the titles, some tracks might sound a bit like the musical equivalents ofJack Vettrianopictures, of which I am not a huge fan. But the music is far more subtle than that, and far more open - to your own interpretations, associations and memories. Leave the titles to one side and simply immerse yourself in the music. You can put the album on in the background and treat it as 'ambient' - nothing wrong with that at all - but the pieces do also reward actually being listened to, rather than simply heard. Either way, they are evocative, gentle and contemplative.The quality of the MP3 tracks seems fine - downloaded with a bit rate of around 210Kbps.
 B000003S30-5 POSITIVO  "Voices" is an album of meditative piano pieces by Roger Eno with treatments by his brother Brian. It's very reminiscent of the Eno/Budd collaborations "The Plateaux of Mirrors" and "The Pearl", and like those works, it's music that can either be listened to seriously or just played at low volume in the background. In other words, it's "as ignorable as it is listenable". If you're an ambient music fan, you owe it to yourself to get this album.
 B000003S30-6 POSITIVO  If you loved Apollo, then this is for you. It has more in common with Music for Films, but still captures the gravity and majesty that you're looking for - don't be afraid of this one.
 B00005B56X-0 POSITIVO  The title of this album refers to the artist's spiritual and religious awakening, to which most of the tunes pay tribute. This is done in such a convincing way that one is immediately taken by the sincerity of this ultimately lyrical music. The players are giving their best and the combination of one of my favorite contemporary tenor sax players Walt Weiskopf (the artist's brother) with John Swana's trumpet is wonderful. The rhythm section consists of Joel on piano, the rightfully much in-demand bass player John Patitucci and the relatively unknown Jeff Brillinger on drums, who does an excellent job on his cymbals and supporting the music instead of overpowering it. Where his trio albums cannot convince me that much because of the lack in character of his own songwriting, this one is the exception with seven very good originals: highlights are "Falling Angel" and "In His Time", the album's closing piece. Another highlight of the album is the Quincy Jones tune "The Pawnbroker", which flows with a tremendous swing thanks to Walt's tenor and Jeff's insisting cymbal work. Let yourself be converted to buy this CD and get uplifted mentally!
 B00005B56X-1 POSITIVO  c l e a n r e c o r d i n g ..... t a l e n t e d p l a y e r s
 B000005U7A-0 POSITIVO  This CD is the best I have heard from Liberacion I recommend it.
 B000E1Z4D8-0 POSITIVO  really, really am enjoying the lyrics which seem like conversations with a friend. nick has a warm unforced voice and style. especially liked "everything you've got" and "it'll matter". amazing variety of accompianment by kelly mulhollan to flesh it all out. thanks for the reminders of the important things in life.
 B000AA7B4I-0 POSITIVO  A classic album that I grew up with. I had to add this to my vinyl collection, right next to (the much more elusive) Slim Shady LP.
 B000AA7B4I-1 POSITIVO  This CD is awesome.. I would recommend it if you like Eminem.. or you like rap music.. He uses free speech in this CD which makes it even better! ***** The BEST! *****
 B000AA7B4I-2 POSITIVO  This album is so cool and awsweme! I really like The real Slim Shady! Yo! it's da best so ya gotta buy dis album ya see, its coo'. Eminem is da bomb! YEAH!
 B000AA7B4I-3 POSITIVO  This is an awesome cd! Song 7 is phat! I was surprised because I didn't think his sophmore cd was going to be good but it rocked! It has a bit more pop in it but it's for the best!
 B000AA7B4I-4 POSITIVO  what can i say that hasnt already been said? pick this up along wit sumthin by his crews d12 and da outsidaz (his 2nd crew.)just dont get encore thats sum garbage rite there.
 B000AA7B4I-5 POSITIVO  Who doesn't like the hit &quot;The Really Slim Shady?&quot; It's the awesomest song eva! Other songs that you'll be singing along to are Kill You. If you liked his last cd, you'll love this one.
 B000AA7B4I-6 POSITIVO  he claims he's just kiddin, but in marshall mathers, (the song) he says fagot so many times its hard to believe that. still a good album though. the best songs are: criminal, im back, amityville, kill you, stan, and under the influence. im out
 B000AA7B4I-7 NEUTRO  a couple good songs. im not a big fan of eminem though. i like it when he is serious in his songs such as marshall mathers, stan, way i am etc. he starts to get really annoying in songs like the real slim shady. Overall it is still better then his last album wich was trash.
 B000AA7B4I-8 POSITIVO  This cd is much better than the first. The whole thing is worth the song Stan. It would make a great addition to any collection.
 B000AA7B4I-9 POSITIVO  this cd is just as good as the 1st cd and shady is back to tell all yall hatas that he aint goin nowherw! Ken Kaniff is back as well rep. tha 2G. stan is a good song but the only song i aint feelin is Kim. its kinda ood to me though
 B000AA7B4I-10 POSITIVO  This CD is pretty cool. All of the songs are good, but you should buy this album because it has arguably the best song out right now: &quot;The Real Slim Shady.&quot; For Eminem fans, this is a great addition to your collection. I highly recommend this album by the one and only Eminem!
 B000AA7B4I-11 POSITIVO  THIS IS THE BEST CD EVER! I just love all the songs on it! It's soooo great! The Real Slim Shady and Marshall Mathers are the best songs on the cd!
 B000AA7B4I-12 POSITIVO  Eminem's new cd, &quot;The Marshall Mather's LP&quot;, is by far the best rap CD of the year. A various assortment of different beats contributes to this being so succesful. All in all, the skits are funny, the music is incredible, and he is just one dope lyricist.
 B000AA7B4I-13 POSITIVO  When I first heard Slim Shady LP I was so blown away and I figured Eminem must have used up all his creativity on that album. I don't think I was far off. I would consider at least 5 tracks on SSLP masterpieces: My name is, Two of us, guilty conscience spring immediately to mind. On MMLP the only one is Stan, a brilliant little gem that makes you remember that fan is short for *fanatic*. What made SSLP so incredible was the ingenious structure of the songs: two different rappers acting as an angel and a devil on someone's shoulder; A father promising to love his daughter forever while he's throwing her mother's corpse into the ocean. The songs on MMLP are mostly venting frustrations, and the hilarious wit is missing. They seem very honest, though, and fans get a more complete answer to the question &quot;Who is Slim Shady?&quot;. Other standout tracks, like &quot;Criminal&quot; and &quot;Please Stand Up&quot; are cool, but lack the this-guy's-a-friggin-genius factor of SSLP tracks. &quot;Kim&quot; is a wild six-minute prequel to &quot;Two of Us&quot;. Bottom-Line: If you must have more Slim, buy it but don't expect another SSLP caliber record. It's worth the price just for Stan.
 B000AA7B4I-14 NEGATIVO  Well, if you don't already know by now, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' is one of the best rap albums ever released, right up there with 'Ready to Die', 'DoggyStyle', 'Return to the 36 Chambers', 'The Chronic', 'Death Certificate', 'Here Come the Lords', 'Southernplayalistic..' and so on.However, unlike the edited version of 'The Slim Shady LP' (with its excellent sound effect-laden version of 'Just Don't Give a F'), there's pretty much nothing here to warrant an edited purchase. I don't recall any songs on this version that use sound effects/voice samples instead of just 'silence' on the voice track whenever an offensive enough swear word is said. There is something here though that isn't on the standard issue parental advisory version, which is the superb B-side 'The Kids' in place of the somewhat intense 'Kim' track. The only problem is that all of the drug references in the song are played backwards, making me think that when Em really says 'Ecstasy', it sounds more like 'deez n*ts', just to give an example.I hold this album in such high regard that I bought the double-disc asian version, which has 'Kim' as well as 'The Kids' in uncensored form, not to mention 3 instrumental tracks and an awesome Danny Lohner/Marilyn Manson remix of 'The Way I Am'.The bottom line: Unless you get offended easily or have a young kid who wants you to buy this cd for them, forget this edited version and get the explicit content ver. instead. I agree that a lot of the lyrics are inappropriate for young 'uns (especially the 'Kim' lyrics) but if these issues don't apply to you, I recommend the import version (if you're a die-hard fan like me). If you're a just a casual Em fan then chances are you already have the regular version of this album, but if you haven't picked it up yet and are looking for a facinating trip of sex, drugs and violence laid over a cartoonesque pop-rap sonic backdrop, be sure to do so as soon as possible because this album is Em's number one masterwork and will probably never be topped by anyone (himself included).
 B000AA7B4I-15 POSITIVO  As good as the Slim shady LP and the Eminem Show were,this is the best of the three.I got this the first day it came out,and I still listen to it non stop.Here is my review:1.P.S.A. 2000-(4/5)The funniest P.S.A. ever2.Kill You-(5/5)...3.Stan-(5/5)The fictional story about an obsessed fan.4.Paul-(0/5)It's ten seconds long.It's boring and it's not funny.5.Who Knew-(5/5)It talks about how his music has made an impact on kids.6.Steve Berman-(3/5)Someone is cursing out Eminem because he hates this record.This guy needs to be shot(oh wait,that happens on the Eminem Show).7.Way I Am-(5/5)You all know this one.It's one of the best songs.8.Real Slim Shady-(5/5)You all know this one too.Very similar to the first singles on Slim Shady LP("My Name Is")and Eminem Show("Without Me")9.Remember Me-(3/5)My least favorite on the cd.The first guy who raps sounds like a priest trying to get the demon out of a child.Still worth checking out though.10.I'm Back-(5/5)I like this song.11.Marshall Mathers-(5/5)The best song on the cd with disses on NSYNC,Britney Spears,New kids On The Block,etc.12.Ken Kaniff-(-10/5)'Nuff said.13.Drug Ballad-(5/5)My 3rd favorite song.It's basically about doing drugs.A very good song.14.Amityville-(5/5)It's weird,but it's still good.15.B Please 2-(5/5)Outshines the original.16.Kim-(5/5)This is the most physcotic song on this cd.It's about him killing his wife.It's crazy.2nd best song.17.Under The Influence-(5/5)Weird,but funny to listen to.18.Criminal-(5/5)4th best song.It's about how people acuse him of a crime everytime he writes a rhyme.This cd is good.At least give it a listen before you start complaining about this cd.People are always on here complaining about the language.It's an Eminem cd,what do you expect?And why do you think they put a parental advisory sticker on this?People,if you are offended by bad language,then listen to another cd.But if you are an open minded music listener ready to listen to something good,then give the Marshall Mathers LP a try.It's definitely Eminem's best.Best Songs:Marshall Mathers,Kim,Drug Ballad,Criminal,Kill You,Way I Am.Worst Song:Remember Me he expresses amazement over his sudden and overwhelming popularity in songs like "Who Knew" and "Marshall Mathers".On the whole, Eminem preaches to his audience that fame is a bunch of bull and he won't be a party to it, no matter how much money or attention his music garners. He begs us listeners to not take his angry innuendo so seriously, but his boy-who-cried-wolf act is not exactly a comprehensible tactic. To sum it up, he's a clear-cut, brutally honest individual who could give a damn if the whole world despised him, so long as his daughter Haley grows up to be a well-adjusted young lady. We praise you for your bravery, Em. Just don't make too many people mad...
 B000AA7B4I-16 POSITIVO  Alright, this is the ONLY RAP I listen to... I can't stand anything else. For some reason though when I heard bits and pieces of Stan I wanted to hear the whole song. So I did some research to find out who the artest was, and what CD it belonged to. I had heard nothing of Eminem, so I went out and bought the Marshall Mathers LP. I sat there with my headphones on, and listened to the whole CD. There is just something about Eminem that draws you to his music, there's a lot of emotion there. This CD is great, and it has the honor of being the ONLY RAP record that sits in my metal collection. Don't listen to the news of Eminem, just be smart when listening to his music. Do just that listen. He's got talent, and is well worth the money spent of the CD. His lyrics are very well written, (Unlike this review), and the beats go great with his songs. So even if you're like me and can't stand rap give Eminem a chance, perhaps he'll grow on you too.
 B000AA7B4I-17 POSITIVO  &quot;What is it in Itself?&quot; is a question posed by Hannibal Lecter to Clarice Starling in The Silence of the Lambs, and it applies very well when attempting to review Eminem's controversial smash, The Marshall Mathers LP. Sure, there's sadistic humor, deliberately offensive lyrics, cool hooks and a good mix of both dance and pure rap beats, but what's it all for? Eminem is a fascinating artist because he lays his feelings out for all to see; the offensive opinions are simply the device he uses to communicate the dominating emotion of his life - anger. That is why his music is so popular and so good, because it is grounded in an emotion that we can relate to, as well as an expression that we all know. We all feel angry and we all vent it by blaming the world around us, and The Marshall Mathers LP recognizes both the personal and universal aspects of anger and blame, as Eminem rants against personal and societal demons viciously and with a great deal of talent. Therein lies the most important key to enjoying this album; recognize the talent. As with any message, the judgment of whether it is offensive or not is in the hands of the person receiving the message. What cannot be debated, however, is how well the message is delivered. Sit back and, if you can, turn off your reactions to the words and listen to the raw emotion and sheer talent displayed on the most influential (if not necessarily the best) album of 2000.
 B000AA7B4I-18 POSITIVO  I know that a lot of people dont like Eminem. People dont listen to details in the songs and just look at the obscene parts of songs. Here are some reviews of the songs -Kill You: The worst part is when he rapes his mother. It is gross, but at the end he says he is just kidding. Nice beat. -Stan: Excellent song. It goes over a few of his songs. It says that you can't take him seriously. -Who Knew: It is about how he thought that no one would buy The Slim Shady LP. He regrets that kids were affected by his music. -The Way I Am: About his life and that he cant help being himself. -The Real Slim Shady: Great beat. Funny lyrics. Nice. Not very offensive. -Marshall Mathers: About how he cant believe the huge fuss over him. Nice beat. -Drug Ballad: Drugs and what they do to you. On the outside it seems like he may be incouraging them but the details are about teh bad things drugs do to you. -Amityville: Good featured rappers. Demented and kind of sick. -Criminal: Funny song. I think it is a joke about how some people think of Eminem.
 B000AA7B4I-19 POSITIVO  Loved it, loved it, loved it! As a professional entertainer myself (I am a professional singer in a cocktail lounge in Elizabeth, New Jersey), I must say that this young man has a tremendous future in music. The music is tasteful and melodic, not to mention extremely hummable. ... Hey, this cat Martial Mathers is the young generation, and, doggone it, he's got something to say! I plan to buy this record for my five year old daughter, who is currently into Mr. Rogers' music (he writes his own material, you know). ... will dis a white person before he ever thinks of dissing a black person despite the fact that the only love he really gets is from the 4 million 14 year old white kids that buy his albums.o offendend and dope beats being invented. Eminem provides laughs while forcing us to move to his beats. He'll be back!
 B000AA7B4I-20 POSITIVO  When I buyed this album I wasn't expecting a lot, since the 1 album only had some 6 or 7 songs that I liked, but since the first track I was impressed, songs like Stan really show everybody that Eminem really knows how to do music, and the song The real slim shady makes you want to play it over and over, the song Kim is really dark and Eminem sounds really maniatical, his multiple personalities (Ken Kaniff, Slim Shady, EMINEM, and his real name Marshall Mathers) appear like on the other cd but this time is 10 times better, on the song Marshall Mathers he sees the reality of his life and everybody's life's, on this days where rap albums really suck, this is a masterpiece, I even like this better than the Dr. Dre 2001 cd, he didn't disappoint at all
 B000AA7B4I-21 POSITIVO  While the Shady LP was no Will Smith record, Marshall Mathers is the Anti-Will Smith record. It's by turn angry, snide, and sorrowful. The teenies rushin' out to buy it will surely hate it. Sorry, The Real Slim Shady (which sounds like it belongs on the SS LP) is the exception here. The Marshall Mathers LP stands as a glorious middle finger to everyone and everything. My only complaint: why have censorship on the &quot;dirty&quot; version? For instance, the masking of &quot;4 year old boy dead in your living room&quot; in Kim.
 B000AA7B4I-22 POSITIVO  here is the actual track listing....1)PSA 20002)Kill You3)Stan [ft. Dido]4)Paul (skit)5)Who Knew6)Steve Berman (skit)7)The Way I Am8)The Real Slim Shady9)Remember Me? [Featuring RBX And Sticky Fingaz]10)I'm Back11)Marshall Mathers12)Ken Kaniff (skit)13)Drug Ballad14)Amityville [Featuring Bizzare From D-12]15)B Please II [Featuring Dr. Dre/Snoop Dogg/Xzibit And Nate Dogg]16)The Kids {THE MISSING TRACK}17)Under The Influence [Featuring D-12]18)Criminal [ft. Dr. Dre]NOW ITS TIME TO REVIEW THIS CD.THIS CD #1 IS PRETTY TIGHT.#2 OFF THE CHAINS#3 HAS SO MUCH BETTER RHYMES AND BEATS THE ANY OTHER EMINEM CD.#4 HAS MORE GUEST APPEARANCES THAT NY OTHER CD {I NEVER SAID BETTER GUEST APPEARANCES}#5 IS MUCH BETTER EDITED THAN THE SLIM SHADY LP...
 B000AA7B4I-23 POSITIVO  Normally I don't like rap music but I can't imagine it without him. Being one of the few white rappers out there, he's proved that he can run with the big dogs and this cd proves it. Not only are his lyrics clever, but they're funny as well. If you heard &quot;Real Slim Shady&quot; on the radio than you know what your in for. The only downside to this cd is the song &quot;Kim&quot;. I don't know why he put it on there put it is the so unecessary. I would never rap about killing my wife. Other than that an excellent cd. Buy it. Now.
 B000AA7B4I-24 POSITIVO  Upon first listen, this album will seem lame, boring, and awful except for the three classics, My Name Is, Stan, and The Real Slim Shady. These songs define rap, especially Grammy-nominated Stan about a sickly obsessed fan of Eminem. Upon a second or third chance, this album will become a part of you, with nearly every song being near perfect. Some flaws include Remember Me and even Criminal, but the rest is pure fun all the way! This album has everything, zany humor, shocking lyrics, and great vocals and beats that every Eminem fan is sure to enjoy. It is also better than Eminem's other albums, especially Slim Shady Lp, and those are terrific as well! Buy this album, it is terrific!
 B000AA7B4I-25 POSITIVO  Excellent music, lyrics and feel to the songs - one problem: POORLY edited. This is not a real clean version - words such as "f@ggot", "b!tch" and even "pi$$" and "$hit" are left in.Excellent songs let down by a bad job at making a clean version.
 B000AA7B4I-26 POSITIVO  This is the best rap album I've ever heard. The way every song leads to another, it takes you on an emotional journey that reveals Eminem's personal life. From Stan to Criminal this album has a wide variety of types of raps. It will still be selling in another 25 years. A classic, buy it now before it gains value. The only negative thing I could say about this album is it's going to be impossible for Eminem to top it.
 B000AA7B4I-27 POSITIVO  THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP is very disturbing. Eminem has gone crazy as he threatens to KILL KIM! I liked it because Slim Shady really went mad wishing he would DIE or GET FIRED...Track 11 Marshall Mathers is a very weird song where Eminem complains "I DON'T KNOW WHY ALL THE FUSS ABOUT ME"? People are treating him different now compared to before he got famous. Inspired by this song I wrote my own version of it explaing how people treat me different too...
 B000AA7B4I-28 POSITIVO  Eminem is amazing on and off cd.This disk is off da hook!His rhymes are smooth as can be and its the funniest rap cd ever!He throws disses this way and that and leaves no stone unturned!What is so special about Em is that he mixes everything together and turns out something revolutionary!He does the gangsta stuff but when he does it it doesent sound dark or sad it sounds funny and hoppin!He has the best personality in rap and if your lookin for somethin that doesent sound like everything else then pick up Slims disk,you wont be dissapointed i promise!!!!!!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-29 POSITIVO  I got this cd right after it came out, but after some time of not really listening too much to it, I put it in the cd changer in my car. Now it is all I listen to. The rhymes are witty fresh and match the beats perfectly. I like the way he can come across as this sarcastic full-of-[stuff] type of kid but sound totally convincing as well. You never quite know if the joke is on him, or if the joke is on you. No matter what, this album showcases Em's talent on the mic.
 B000AA7B4I-30 POSITIVO  EMINEM rule, sure... This album shows that he really rule... You can listen to hits like Stan, the real slim shady and the way i am... but it's much more than that... eminem saz what u always wanted to say but you couldn't, cuz you would probably be fired... listen to it and then, aw...
 B000AA7B4I-31 NEUTRO  Ok, this cd is so weak compared to Slim Shady. Its got some strong points like Marshall Mathers, Drug Ballad,Under the Influence and B____ Please 2. But the rest are weak. Like oh my god, why the hell would you make Stan a single? That isn't rap, its crap! Along with the real slim shady, I'm Back, The Way I am, Kim, and every other one on the album, [...] Slim SHady came out before he was a TRL icon, before he went Hollywood, so that was good stuff. And if you can find it, pick up his 96 debut "Infinite". That is rap in its purest form. With positive and upbuilding lyrics, before he had any Slim Shady in him. He gets 3 stars because of the 4 good songs. I hope on his next solo he won't make the same mistakes.
 B000AA7B4I-32 POSITIVO  The first time I heard Stan was the first time I heard about rap... And I just loved that new kind of music. So, I bought the CD... It1s awesome. The songs are great. Watch out for the best: CRIMINAL. There are famous ones like the real slim shady,stan, the way i am. You just have to buy it. You can put these songs on at a party, then you'll be thankful for buying this cd. Just don't buy it if you like boy/girl bands and if you dont like explicit lyrics!EMINEM RLZ!
 B000AA7B4I-33 POSITIVO  Wow eminems best album ever made. Eminem is my favorite rapper. I have almost all of his cds. My favorite cd that he made was the Marshel Mathers LP. My most favorite songs on the Marshel Mathers LP are criminal,the real slim shady, who knew, kill you, and stan. I highly recommend that you get off your computer and buy this album, the Marshel Mathers LP...
 B000AA7B4I-34 NEUTRO  Eminem is back in a big way. Aside from being big it is also mean and vulgar. He goes from just plain ripping (good naturely)on the things he hates in &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; to a much meaner, darker tone. But you have to admit Slim has got skills and i cant wait for his next album.
 B000AA7B4I-35 POSITIVO  I like this CD except I feel guilty actually listening to it. All the songs I can just ignore the ideas except for &quot;Kim&quot; track 16 that is just DOWNRIGHT SICK! I agree with the many people who think stan has good ideas. My favorite song is The Way I Am. My advice is too download Stan, the way I am, and maybe the real slim shady if u like it. ...ensored version you won't be buying a cd full of music, you will be buying a cd full of blanks and beeps.view forum complaining about Em's lyrical content(Em=gangsta rapper? HAHAHAHHAHHAHAHA!!!), but what these poor souls don't realize is that is what he WANTS them to do. He's enjoys pissing people off(&quot;Criminal&quot;-&quot;Half the sh*t I say, I just make it up, to make you mad, so kiss my white naked a**!)and he's damn good at it. See what you don't realize you mindless zealots is that this album is just too smart for you. All you hear is Em's sickness, you don't bother to dig deeper, then you go on your &quot;blame the music for my child's problems because I can't admit I'm an awful parent&quot; and your &quot;this man commited a crime because he listened to violent music, not because of his mental illness&quot; rampages. Really, you people make me laugh. Oh yeah, to you so called &quot;hip hop heads&quot; who jock Common(who is a great emcee by the way, but not god) but still hate on Em. Stop being a underground D-*-C-K-R-I-D-E-R. and realize skills. Eminem has a dope delivery, fresh lyrics, tight flow, and executes concepts to perfection. What the hell else do you want? He's paid his dues and is more entertaining then most of the emcees out today. I also want to extend my &quot;chubby middle finger&quot; to that bigoted, cheap, pile of rags XXL. Okay, enough with my cry-baby hissy fit and on to the album review. The Marshall Mathers is an execellent album with solid production throughout(Dr.Dre and Mel-Man, 45 King, FBT). The beats range to maniac to mellow to sinister to bouncy. Em's lyrics are incredible and his hooks get burned into your brain like a branding iron, it's great how he can come with sick lyrics yet sneak in social commentary. His disses are hillarous and songs like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; flow like a great novel. All in all, &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; is much better than his last two. It's a roller coaster ride of an album exploding with sarcasm, and emotion, but most importantly, it's too damn smart for America. Sure, Eminem isn't the only great white emcee out there as these brain dead teenyboppers would believe, but damn it, he's one of the best emcees out today, and given time, he may become one of the best ever. Peace.
 B000AA7B4I-36 POSITIVO  No one will call Eminem a one-hit wonder after &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; goes platinum. He'll probably be known from now on as a force of nature.The entire CD blasts a storm of explicit lyrics as well-crafted as what we heard on &quot;Slim Shady&quot;- you remember, when people first cocked their head and said &quot;what is this white kid doing,&quot; later to realize the guy is GOOD. On the latest album though, Eminem makes the transition from Broke White Trash Failure to Genuine Star with Anger Issues.Each track is like looking at Slim's life in a funhouse mirror, distorted but true to original: from a deranged fan in the haunting &quot;Stan&quot; to his mother's lawsuit against him in &quot;Kill You,&quot; Slim's lyrics always give you the idea that he's exaggerating his situation, but not by much.The beats are less hectic on this one- they are more eerie and bass-heavy, probably a Dr. Dre touch. Not one for the little kids because of subject matter (e.g. screamed death threats and worse in &quot;Kim&quot;), but definitely a pop milestone that will ensure a mark on the map for Eminem.
 B000AA7B4I-37 NEUTRO  I don't mean to hurt anyone's feelings, but this cd is definitely not the best! I do LOVE eminem ... But the CD is funny. So if you want a good laugh and you don't take entertainment seriously, you may like this. !*EVER* glad I didn't spend money on this.What's interesting is that young Mr. Mathers seems to possess quite a gift for rhyme and delivery which he unfortunately squanders in subject matters that are reminescent of a third-grader who just learned his first dirty word. The music is catchy, his delivery and enunciation are clear, and some of his phrasing is funny and sometimes actually clever (such as in &quot;Who Knew&quot; where he chastises parents for not having kept a closer eye on their children who learned to spew expletives left and right, presumably from an album such as his). But all these positives are so quickly erased by his choice of subject matters and his insistence on using as many vulgarities as he can within the 3-minute time span alloted for each song.The whole thing is offensive, [and] not primarily because of the choice of vulgar words and the subject matters ......PARENTS, TAKE NOTE: You *NEED* to listen to this! This is not an album whose worst offense is a bit of innuendo. This is hard-core vulgarity at its worst. Should your 12 year-old really be listening to this? Pop this in yourself and just listen to track 1 &quot;PSA 2000&quot;. Your ears will bleed. I'm all for freedom of speech, but this is definitely not an album for kids.
 B000AA7B4I-38 NEUTRO  It is so corny if you want a GOOD CD Get the 1 thats not edited it is SOOOOOOO much better.
 B000AA7B4I-39 POSITIVO  Well I think that this album was tight but like all albums it at least has one sorry song in it like ametyville I didnt understand that one, but the rest were sweet! Also there are some very controvertial songs in the album like Kim. I thought that this song was alittle satanic at first, but when I listened to it more I realized that it was all just a big joke. Anyway this album is Eminem's best work. It is well worth the money!
 B000AA7B4I-40 POSITIVO  Well I think that this album was tight but like all albums it at least has one sorry song in it like ametyville I didnt understand that one, but the rest were sweet! Also there are some very controvertial songs in the album like Kim. I thought that this song was alittle satanic at first, but when I listened to it more I realized that it was all just a big joke. Anyway this album is Eminem's best work. It is well worth the money!
 B000AA7B4I-41 POSITIVO  I love Eminem to death! I am a huge fan and have like 24 cds of him. I love this cd a lot. Honestly it is really harsh, but it will make you laugh your head off. It shows all sides of him and he'll make you laugh at things that you never thought that you would. Critics are tearing this cd appart, but it's just because he is brutally honest. So, if you like humour, seriousness, don't mind violence, then this is a SUPER cd for you!!!
 B000AA7B4I-42 POSITIVO  After reading all of the negative reviews of the marshall mathers lp, I had to share my thoughts. Eminem, whether you like him or not, is one of the best rappers and lyricists that I know of. Check out some of his freestyles if you want proof. I mean, the depth of his lyrics don't compare to the likes of Outkast, but they are extremely clever and perfectly delivered. This disc is better than the Shady LP in that he comes out and blatantly tells everyone that he is only kidding. Come on, if you can't tell that he is kidding, that's just sad. Yes, the lyrics are &quot;dirty&quot;, so no, parents should not let their 12 year old listen to Eminem. That's just what Eminem says on this cd. Everyone just needs to lighten up and enjoy the music for what it's worth.
 B000AA7B4I-43 POSITIVO  When I was reading other customer reviews on this product, I noticed rightoff one thing most of them have in commom that I don't share: they all dislike &quot;boy bands&quot;. I, on the other hand, am a fan of boy bands. Not all of them, of course, but boy bands such as Backstreet Boys, LFO, and 'N Sync appeal to me only because of their music.But just the same, my interests in music also include Eminem. I have both his albums, and this one, much like the comparison of 'N Sync's first album and their second, think that he takes a giant step towards more popularity in his new album. All of his songs are offensive to at least one person; whether it be Britney Spears or his mother. If his music wasn't this well written and so catchy I would probably be more offended about his insults towards 'N Sync and other boy bands. But he also disses people I don't like, such as Britney Spears, so it makes everyone happy. I fell in love with &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; the day I heard it, and didn't buy the CD at first expecting all the other songs to be really bad. But my brother bought it, and now it's in my room more than it's in his. He makes it seem like alot of work went into it. For some people, this album may be very offensive. But if you know how to take his insulting remarks the right way, this will be a very enjoyable album. It's certainly not suited for young children, as swears aren't the only form of offensive language he uses, but older kids and maybe even young adults will without a doubt enjoy this album.
 B000AA7B4I-44 POSITIVO  One of my friends had this cd and I had herd &quot;Slim Shady&quot; on the radio several times before, so I thought why not. When I got the cd I right away started listing to it. Most of the songs are fine, some are great, the reason I only gave it 4 stars is because 2 of his songs(3&amp;16) are skits about him killing his wife, all the sound effects, and another about his fan thowing his wife over a bridge. Its impossible not to take it the wrong way, ugg. Otherwise Id say anybody should get it just don't take the songs the wrong way.
 B000AA7B4I-45 POSITIVO  I bought this CD, and listened to every track on it. His lyrics are like no other because they hit close to real life. This is not a fictional collection of songs slapped together, they create a sense of realism. Arguably, &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; is the best song on this CD. &quot;Stan&quot; is another song that I liked as well. I like all the songs on this CD not because I am on the Slim Shady band-wagon, but for the truth mixed within the tracks. Great CD, nice work Eminem!
 B000AA7B4I-46 POSITIVO  so funny--- the bestest--- no better way to spend your time then to be listening to some hot guy rippin on boy/girl groups and everyone else he rips on--- i love him--- this cd rox!
 B000AA7B4I-47 POSITIVO  This LP may be better then the first if that is possible. Once again EMINEM brings you his twisted lyrical style that makes you listen and back track to see if u heard it right the first time, mix that with the numbing beats that DRE prevides and you got yourself the best alblum of the year. EM shows his true feelings in life and dares to share it with people who can understand. So if your into somthing different with mad lyrcs and and heart thumping beats then check out the new MARSHALL MATHERS alblum if you can find it in stores to read more check out rubadazme.com
 B000AA7B4I-48 POSITIVO  This is the best CD i have ever listened too if you like rap music and even if you dont, you should buy this CD it has some of the phatest beats i have ever heard. Eminem has done it again.
 B000AA7B4I-49 POSITIVO  I will admit I used to be a big Eminem fan. However, my tastes in music have evolved over the years, and now I don't even consider Em one of my favorite artists. But, I will still admit that Eminem knows how to rap and has some of the best flows rap has seen in it's short history. His first album dropped quietly (Infinite), and then when "My Name Is" off of his second album, "Slim Shady LP", blew up, Eminem became a household name. Then he dropped this album, "The Marshall Mathers LP", and created even more controversy. With songs about killing his wife, being addicted to drugs, and an obsessive fan killing himself over Em not responding to his letters, this is definitely not an album for kids.After the intro, the album gets into "Kill You", which has a lot of controversial lyrics, mainly about killing women, but at the end he says that he's just playing and that he loves ladies. Then the next track, "Who Knew", has Eminem pretty much telling the truth. He raps about how people like to blame him for what their kids do, and he says that it's really hypocritical because that the parents should take more responsibility for their kids. He manages to get the message across very humorously, which makes for a pretty nice track. "Stan" is definitely one of the biggest highlights of Eminem's entire rap career. I love the emotion in the track, the storytelling, and the beat. Almost everything about the track is perfect. "The Way I Am" is another angry track that was a hit back quite a few years ago. "Marshall Mathers" is a track where Eminem just lets his feelings come out. He downs boy bands, rappers pretending to be Pac & Biggie, relatives that never wanted to see him till he was on TV, and he also disses the Insane Clown Posse. "Drug Ballad" is a hilarious track about being addicted to drugs. I like the beat and Em's flow is really good. "Kim" has to be a highlight for this album. It's definitely sick, but I love the raw emotion Eminem displays on this track. It vividly describes killing his wife, rapping as if he's talking to her. It's definitely not for everyone. But, I still love this track. "Under the Influence" has a good beat, "Amityville" has an awesome chorus and beat, and "Criminal" has a good intro with excellent lyrics.Many people say this is a classic, but I don't think so. For just a few reasons. "Remember Me", even though it has a good chorus, and a good appearance by Sticky Fingaz, I still can never get into this track. It always gets a skip from me. So does the next track, "I'm Back". It doesn't hold a candle to the other tracks on the album. The Ken Kaniff skit is pointless. "The Real Slim Shady" was ok for the first few listens, but then after it got played out it got really really fast. And it's not one of Em's best tracks either. "B***h Please II" also gets a skip for me. I think all of these tracks are weak compared to the other songs on here. So the album's not completely consistent.Eminem still managed to make a very solid album with the Marshall Mathers LP. He may have went downhill from here, but after this album there's no way anyone could say Em didn't have any talent. I just disagree with all these people calling this a classic. It has too many lackluster tracks to be considered a classic. However, it's still great and it shouldn't be looked over by any Hip-Hop fan at all. I do recommend this to anyone that likes sick music, good flows, or just rap in general. If you're sleeping on Eminem because of his gimmicky made for radio tracks, then you should really pick this up. Give him a chance and you'll realize he's one of the best MC's of the past 10 years. Atleast in my opinion....
 B000AA7B4I-50 POSITIVO  This is definitely Em's best album. This was probably when he was at the peak of his career. Even for how long ago this came out, if you listen to it now, it still is good. This is when he really cared about rapping, if you were going to get any Em album, get MMLP. Even though Em fell off BADLY, he is still a Top 25 MC based on skills alone, dude is a better rapper than half of the people out now. His multis are crazy when he rhymes, but you have to hear it for yourself.
 B000AA7B4I-51 POSITIVO  this is emimems second album and by far the best.1.psa2000(skit)2.kill you 5/53.stan 4/54.paul(skit)5.who knew 5/56.steve bermen(skit)7.the way I am 5/58.the real slimshady 5/59.remember me 4/510.im back 5/511.marshal mathers 5/512.ken kanif(skit)this is sick13.drug balled 5/514.amityville 5/515.b....please 2 5/516.kim ?/5 i dont know what to say about this 117.under the influence 5/518.criminal 5/5
 B000AA7B4I-52 POSITIVO  Eminem has never done a better CD, by my point of view. Anyone that hasn't heard any songs from this CD or any Eminem songs, should listen to some.
 B000AA7B4I-53 POSITIVO  good eminem puts it down cold on this cd he cut himself open and let it bleed all over the cd a must get eminem fan or not its part of rap history
 B000AA7B4I-54 POSITIVO  Bottom line this is his best album out rated towards his others except Soundtracks.Slim Shady LP - 4.3 The Marshall Mathers LP - 4.895Eminem Show - 4.5Encore - 2.3These ratings are not from just my liking, but from production entirely.1. Public Service Announcement 2000 - 4.5 Creative, but he already did it.2. Kill You - 4.8 The beat is hot and his lyrics are not all over the place, on opic and good.3. Stan - (featuring Dido)- 4.4 His way of telling you not to take him that serious.4. Paul - (skit) - 3.6 His way of trying to say he worked hard.5. Who Knew - 5.0 I made it they shouldn't hate on me.6. Steve Berman - (with Steve Berman) - 4.4 These expectations of me are to high.7. Way I Am, The - 4.99 A Very creative beat with the static and all. A true expressing of himself to the fullest.8. Real Slim Shady, The 4.0 - Let's just have fun with this hit single.9. Remember Me? - (featuring RBX/Sticky Fingaz) - 4.2 Another creative beat. Remember I'm crazy, and this is what I will do.10. I'm Back - 4.7 My name is Slim Shady, you know what to expect. But you still like me.11. Marshall Mathers - 4.9 Good beat between rap and rock. I made it now you know me. Bye before I go crazy.12. Ken Kaniff - (skit) - 4.8 Very funy, making fun of people. 13. Drug Ballad - 3.5 A song to all the groopies.14. Amityville - (featuring Bizarre)- 3.0 How crazy I am.15. Bitch Please II - 4.3 Sweet track with all the homeboys.16. Kim - 4.8 The most emotion song of rap out. Just try to listen to the lirics.17. Under The Influence - (featuring D-12) - 5.0 If you don't like it, to bad.18. Criminal - 4.78 I'm treated like a criminal, so I must be. While he robs a bank.
 B000AA7B4I-55 POSITIVO  this is one the best cd's you will ever here there are funny songs and energetic i features both dr.dre and snoop dogg. the great thing about this cd is that eminem is showing that he is a rap singer that tcan say anything he wants to say and isn't afraid of it, if you didn't like his last cd you you will hate this one because it is 10 times worse, but if you loved his last cd you will be the one writing a review.
 B000AA7B4I-56 POSITIVO  Ok i just want to start by saying that I really like this album. Its awesum! Tracks 2,3,7,10,11 13 and 16 are all great. #7 is the best one listen to it. Its haunting yet it has insight on how eminem feels and he keeps saying that he is whatever the media says he is. I gave it 4.5 stars not 5 because sum of it is just horrible. Ken KAniff is just terrible and Kim is disturbing although i like it. I suggest buying this album right now if you can take a joke and wont take this too seriously.
 B000AA7B4I-57 POSITIVO  Here's what this cd is, entertainment. Don't take offense to it, if you don't like his mouth don't buy it or let your kids listen to it. I think he is on top of the world and feeling the effects of being a celebrity. But the cd is entertaining and I was able to listen to the whole thing again and again. If you don't like swearing this cd is not for you.
 B000AA7B4I-58 POSITIVO  This album is fantastic! And I'm not a big fan of rap. Thisalbum is funny and fabulous! The lyrical content is deep and the beats are outstanding. This kid is talented and deserves to be ranked with such predicessors as Tupac and Ice Cube and that is no small feat. This kid thinks of the most insane things and manages to make it not only humorous but it takes you to a level that you should be repulsed but your laughing your ass off! So I do recommend to anyone to buy this cd it was the best $ you'll ever spend.
 B000AA7B4I-59 POSITIVO  Eminem is the coolest! This CD is off the hook! If ya don't have it, get it! Yes, there is a lot of cursing, but thats what makes it funny! They have loud songs like, &quot;Kim,&quot; and &quot;Kill You,&quot; and if you hate pop, &quot;I'm Back,&quot; is perfect for you. I think this CD is better then his first CD. He expresses his feelings and emotions more, and he knew what to expect, and what to do and not do. If you don't have this CD yet, buy it. Eminem is really cool, and this CD is cool!
 B000AA7B4I-60 POSITIVO  This cd is the best cd I have ever listened to. If you liked the Slim Shady LP you will love this one. Eminem is a lot bolder in this album and speaks out. The only problems I found on this album is the tracks &quot;Ken Kaniff&quot; Just because It is nasty. And &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; the only reason I don't like this song is because Radio and MTV have played it out and It just is annoying now. The best song is Number 7 which is &quot;The Way I Am&quot; which really is a great beat with tight lyrics. If you thought Slim Shady LP was pushing it you're going to be blown away by the Marshall Mathers LP!
 B000AA7B4I-61 POSITIVO  Let me tell you how I feel about Eminem. I think he's an extremely talented rapper and is at a par with Dre. I listened to most of the tracks on his album without buying it. It had some awesome beats and his lyrics are incredibly witty. I don't think there is a rapper out there who can write like him. I do however have a problem with some of his content. Some of it is just a little to crazy for me. And you're talkin to a guy who listens to DMX, Dre, George Carlin and Adam Sandler (comedians, if you don't know). I usually have no problem with profanity. I have his first album, and i really had no problem with that one. But, I think he went a little over the edge with this one. I think it's great that he speaks his mind. It's just that I'm not always interested on what's on his mind.
 B000AA7B4I-62 POSITIVO  Eminem has words that ring true. However, this album is missing a slight something that the Slim Shady LP had... But, it's nothing detrimental, nor does it give any reason to slam this album.
 B000AA7B4I-63 POSITIVO  I just bought this album today, and I began to listen to it. I honestly didn't get past &quot;Stan.&quot; I have never had a song move me to tears, but eminem managed to do just that. This song made me cry and I think that means that his lyrics are poignant. I highly recommend this CD.
 B000AA7B4I-64 POSITIVO  i jerked myself all day once when i was listening to eminem, it was like non stop jerking time,then i went to my neighbor and i chased the man with a siccor for half an hour than i took my video camera to tape myself (...)after that i shot that silly old man in the head and cut his his wife in pieces than when i got back home i listened to the second half of the album. So you know it's wicked!!! Buy this album cause there are nice beats, rhymz and flows on it.
 B000AA7B4I-65 POSITIVO  this cd is tha best cd besides the eminem show.this cd is a must have if u dont like it then u must be like a adult or sumthin like that. this cd includes the hit singles "the real slim shady" "the way i am" and "stan" . you gotta be a hater to not like this album. i rate all the songs 10/10. it is great. this c.d. also has apereances by dido, sticky fingaz, bizzare(from d12), snoop dogg,dr.dre,and d12. this is a great cd.!!!!!!!!1
 B000AA7B4I-66 POSITIVO  First of all, I'd like to say how extremely underrated I think Em has become recently. Almost everyone I hear talk about him, I always hear them throw in the line, &quot;Eminem s*cks!&quot; Well, I almost feel like coming right out and saying just what he did, &quot;Well, you cak suck his d*ck if you don't like his sh*t!&quot; Eminem definately is one of the greatest rappers of all time, and that's not an opinion, that's a fact. So, who cares of he's white? That should make people even more impressed. Anyway, THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP is one of his best albums ever, and there's only maybe 3 out of 20 tracks I don't like, eliminating skits, which I don't really like either, except for &quot;Stan.&quot; So, buy the CD, it's well worth your time and money. And be prepared to enter the twisted world of Slim Shady!
 B000AA7B4I-67 POSITIVO  this has to be the best cd ever made. It is so awesome. It is worth every penny and some. wow, will eminem ever cease to amaze? I dont think so.
 B000AA7B4I-68 POSITIVO  After such a weak CD like Slim Shady's LP, it's finally time for Marshall to master his undoubted talent, and to finally be called a Rap God, a man who turned the world upside down due to to his lyrics, his controversy. The first white guy to have such status in rap world. But why? Well, as I said, it's all because of his lyrics, his attitude. He's now finally kicking the world's weak points, cussing gay people, talking a lot more about drugs, a lot more about suicide, about murder and sexuality. If you're a parent reading this and you're thinking if you'll buy this CD for your children or not, you must be getting a little scared about this CD's content. Well, Eminem doesn't give a f*** about this kind of thought, if you're offended easily, if you don't get what he's saying, if you can't say what's a joke and what's not, then this CD is not for you. Are you going to sue Eminem for his genious work like other people did? It's your choice, but you can't say Eminem isn't one of the greatest rappers ever after you listen to this CD. I can't explain you why, Eminem is a lot more intelligent then he was in his last CD, he's finally kicking a**, really, kicking unbeliavable rhymes. Plus, this CD features other Rap Gods like his "creator" Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg, XZibit, anti-Christ superstar Marilyn Manson and pop singer Dido. It also features Eminem's band: D12. These guests only make this CD more special. Let's list my favorite songs in this CD: "B**** Please II", featuring Dre, Snoop, XZibit and Nate Dogg; "Criminal", one of his most controversial songs which cusses gay people; "Drug Ballad", it's needless to say this song's content; "Kill You", which talks about his mom and other things; "Marshall Mathers", which catches Slim Shady's LP spirit, a song which talks about Eminem himself; "Stan", which features Dido, talks about suicide, very interesting song; "The Real Slim Shady", which talks about the whole lot of artists trying to copy Eminem's style and, the best one, "The Way I Am", a total masterpiece. I've interviewed Eminem an year ago and asked him how could he write such amazing, wonderful song. He said the lyrics come to him when he's angry and that he took a week to write this song. Well, I took more than that to understand everything the song had to say! This album would be worth for this song only, but you get a whole lot more. A must-buy, rap masterpiece.
 B000AA7B4I-69 POSITIVO  High sarcasm. Eminem is a work in progress and this album is mandatory to chart his future. He had better record all his tracks now because it will probably be a tragic one (as with many other Rap artists of late).He tells it the way he sees it whether you like it or not.He will always have to prove himself to his peers even if he is accepted into the community. It makes for a quality work.The album is very good. Lots of great tracks.If you have NOT been shocked elsewhere already you might be here.A musical snapshot of urban and sub-suburbian American.
 B000AA7B4I-70 NEGATIVO  my brother bought this cd, and since I liked &quot;the real slim shady&quot;, I borrowed it from him to listen to it. I was completely disgusted at the lyrics- i really hope &quot;stan&quot; was not supposed to be funny, because if it was, that's just completely sick. Many of the lyrics are completely degrading to women, and they are really not funny. ...
 B000AA7B4I-71 POSITIVO  The genius that Eminem possess is the ability to [make you mad]and then make you happy again. This album is the best example of this ability. He is saying things that no other rapper ever dared to say. (But now all rappers are coming out and saying things that are shocking and claim they have always pushed the envelope) Eminem will always be regarded as a lyrical poet who put much emotion into his songs. Now all the haters out there will say that Eminem [stinks] and he is just saying things to get attention. This is true which makes him a lot richer than the rest of us. Therein lies the genius.
 B000AA7B4I-72 POSITIVO  His Marshall Mathers Cd is nothing like the slim Shady lp. First of all in the marshal mathers lp raps better and way faster. The thing that always will make kids love him is the fact that he is different in 3 ways. 1. He shocks everyone 2. Always is kidding 3. He is whiteThe one reason why parents hate him is because he is white and he raps. I really enjoy listening to this cd. This is one that if you don't have it GETIT!
 B000AA7B4I-73 POSITIVO  Eminem is aight. He got skills and his style is funny. Although this doesnt measure up to his Slim Shady lp it is a fine buy. I like his rhyme schemes too they keep you listening. The thing i dont like his voice, its wack. Some songs on here were really tight(Stan, Real Slim Shady, The Way i am) until radio got a hold of it. They played his songs out quickly. For Example i cant even listne to Stan anymore. His voice is annoying too. Sometimes he tries to get too creative (Kim ,Amityville). But most of the songs work. Kill You is by far the best song on the album It's just dope. A lot of boy band and pop bashing going on but it is funny Sticky Fingaz, D-12, Nate Dogg Snoop and Xzibit make appearances. Overall this is a pretty good cd with some tight production. Pick it up.
 B000AA7B4I-74 POSITIVO  If you liked this awesome CD then you definetly need to get the new D12 CD that's comin' out, it's called "Devil's Night". It's pretty much the new Eminem one, since Em is a member of D12. I've heard the single off it too (Purple Hills) on MP3 and all I can say is that it's some crazy .... Not very unlike anything else Slim's released so far though, the only difference is the fact that he's singing with a bunch of other guys with him (the rest of D12). So yeah, the CD comes out on the 19th and ya'll need to pick it up!
 B000AA7B4I-75 NEGATIVO  This is a good album compared to the Nellys and P. Diddys of the rap game but even I could outrap them, this is nowhere a hip-hop classic that some of you said, you're disrespecting the true pioneers of hip-hop when you say that, Em disses pop stars but he's a pop star and nothin' more than that, if you're lookin' for one buy Eric B. and Rakim's "Paid In Full", Run-Dmc's "Raising Hell", Nas "Illmatic", LL Cool J's "Mama Said Knock You Out", or Slick Rick "The Great Adventures Of Slick Rick" instead of this one, even Jazzy Jeff and Fresh Prince's "He's The DJ, I'm The Rapper", that's right Will's even a better mc than Eminem too, show some respect punks, but if you're looking for a good pop rap album buy this one, don't buy his other ones 'cause they all suck, this is his only good one, I think he's only famous 'cause he's white, if he were black he would be just an average rapper.
 B000AA7B4I-76 POSITIVO  This is without a doubt Em's best album, Eminem Show was pretty good, Encore was a blowoff record to me it was a total turn around which wasnt exactly awful but not the controversial f*** everyone else im gonna say what i wanna say attitude but this is still my favorite release from him, I like every track on here I can just put it on and let it play. Definitely a good one to pick up if you want the best of Eminem.
 B000AA7B4I-77 POSITIVO  my favs1. criminal2. stan (feat. dido)3. amityville (feat. bizarre)4. B**ch please II (feat. snoop, nate, dre, and x)5. marshall mathers
 B000AA7B4I-78 POSITIVO  1.psa 2000- Silence, unedited is funny -7/102.kill you-Disturbing but good-9/103.stan-Arugably the best song on this album-10/104.paul-Just paul yapping about how the cd sucks-1/105.who knew- good song-9/106.steve berman- funny skit about steve dissing em's CD-8/107.the way i am- I dunno its just the way it is(great)-10/108.the real slim shady- funny single-10/109.remember me- annoying, rbx is weird-5/1010.im back- funny good song-9.5/1011.marshall mathers- my fav song -10/1012.ken kaniff- Disgusting song about d*** s**king..13.drug ballad-really good song-10/1014.amityville- 2nd fav song-10/1015.b**** please 2- rap starfest-10/1016.the kids-funny southpark spoof(replacing "kim")-10/1017.under the infuence- awsome song with D1218.criminal-Great song with miniskit-10/10this is a really great CD, way better than encore.
 B000AA7B4I-79 POSITIVO  This rocks but I've got u all a warning! Theres a long weak spot somwhere on the album it is from track 9 Remember Me up to and including track 13 Drug Ballad!Best 5 TracksAmityvilleB*tch Please 2 (Love Dr Dres 2001 and Xzibits Weapons Of Mass Destruction! Also Snoop And Nate Dogg R Cool)The Way I AmKill YouCriminal (Genius Lyrics)Also Stan,Who Knew,The Real Slim Shady,Kim,Under The Influence and if u have the limited version The Kids. Also Public Servivce Announcment,Steve Berman And Ken Kaniff r funny!So buy and dont listen to everyone who says its Pop its pure Hip Hop
 B000AA7B4I-80 POSITIVO  YES! this is eminem's BEST album in my opinion, this album is pure genius, his lyrics r just really good and meaningful and the beats were perfect!(thanx 2 dre) and all 18 tracks (including 4 skits) are great and listenable. It's abit hard 2 pick my favourite songs out of dem all considering the whole album is good but! ill name the best ones...Fav Songs : "The Way I Am" "The Real Slim ShadY" "Bitch Please II" "Stan" "Kill You" ah look, i can honestly name the whole entire album so ill just leave it at that."The Marshall Mathers LP" will always be a classic and also i recommend this album for you all!
 B000AA7B4I-81 POSITIVO  This is one of the best albums Eminem has made. He really expressed him self in a way that only he can. A lot of people think that the lyrics are to explicit. In my opinion despite the explicit lyrics this is his best album so far.
 B000AA7B4I-82 POSITIVO  GREAT MUSIC!!! The Marshall Mathers LP is just plain and simple great music. Remember Me is classic hip hop with two of the most underrated emcees in the game RBX & Sticky Fingaz. A MUST HAVE.
 B000AA7B4I-83 POSITIVO  This is definently one of the top ten rap albums of this millenium up there with outkast stankonia, jay-z the blueprint, and nas the lost tapes, and nas street's disciple. Any one who considers themself a rap fan should pick this album up. This is Eminem at his best and angriest. Dr.Dre's Production is just as twisted and nasty as Em's rhymes. This is a album i can go through without skipping a song. My favorite song on this album is "Stan" because it heartwrench, sad, and disturbing at the same time. A must for any rap fan. Truly Eminem's best album.If you don't have it pick it up now!
 B000AA7B4I-84 POSITIVO  oh no this b*ch a again eastnuga18 suck a d*ck.eminem is one of the best rapper out there b*ch. f*ck brooklyn
 B000AA7B4I-85 POSITIVO  Well, he's done it again. This CD is actually better than his first! Who knew Em would top his own spectacular work? Anyway, this album is great. PSA 2000 is so funny. Kill You is great, with semi-serious lyrics. Paul is good, too. Ken Kaniff is the funniest thing on here. One of the best songs on here would be Criminal, with it's funny and serious lyrics. If you don't own this, and you have the first CD, go buy this one. You'll love it. Only thing is, in this one, Eminem yells a lot, and he's angry on a lot of the songs. Very angry. Not like on the last CD. Oh well, I think it just adds to the greatness of this masterpiece. Pick one up today.
 B000AA7B4I-86 NEGATIVO  The last Eminem CD was quite a bit lighter and was a lot of fun. This is much, much darker. There is a lot of murders, beatings, rapes and the such in this CD. Eminem went from party rap to gangsta rap. I don't care for this CD nearly as much as the first one. ...
 B000AA7B4I-87 POSITIVO  I was one of the first to buy this today. It's one of the coolest cd i've listened to. This cd pretty much concentrates on the anger eminem(aka slim shady) has for everyone he hates. The raps are still kept cool. I love this album. The best songs are Kill You, The Real Slim Shady, I'm Back, Marshall Mathers and Criminal. Steve Berman and Ken Kaniff are also very funny skits.
 B000AA7B4I-88 POSITIVO  THE BEATS ARE BETTER THAN HIS FIRST ALBUM.THE BEST TRACK TO ME ARE 2,3,5,8,10,11,15,16,17,18.EMINEM IN THIS ALBUM IS MORE [angry] THAN HE EVER HAS BEEN.HIS RYHMES ARE BETTER AND MORE CRAZIER.HE STILL DON'T GIVE AH F CK.
 B000AA7B4I-89 POSITIVO  This album was produced with exellence. The detail with the sound effects, and, special guests are awesome. I recommend The Marhsall Mathers LP album to everyone i know. And i recommend you buy it to!
 B000AA7B4I-90 POSITIVO  The album is dope. The beats are good, esp. the ones produced directly with Dr. Dre. Eminem's lyrics are as hard, if not harder than the first. If you're easily offened and you like Brittney Spears I suggest you start listening to good music, and buy this alubm soon...Everyone else should buy this now.
 B000AA7B4I-91 POSITIVO  This album is just as good if not better then the first album.The best song is stan,its about a fan who goes NUTS!The hook is tight and has a phat beat,like all the other songs on it.By far he melts vanilla ice like cilicone.
 B000AA7B4I-92 POSITIVO  Eminem new cd the marshall mathers lp is just an example of how he can spit out triple platinum material every time he puts out a song or album this album has a wide varitey of of beats and lyrics basically he is funny and every thing ryhmes you should grab his first cd and this i own both and i cant stop listening to the he isnt &quot;the&quot; best buit he is up there. Get this album now
 B000AA7B4I-93 POSITIVO  if your into disses, and great lyrics get this album! eminem talks about his mom....fans, britney spires, christina, puffy, lopex , *nsync, vanilla ice, and new kids on the block. ever his on label mate dr.dre, and even his wife kim....talks about almost everyone. want to hear put downs and roasts get this album.....
 B000AA7B4I-94 POSITIVO  This is great CD, its the classic Eminem stuff. It is great, although i dont like his attitude b/c of his feude with ICP, i like ICP better, but this CD is GREAT!
 B000AA7B4I-95 NEGATIVO  When i bought this album i was expecting better, much better, i think this album is much worse then &quot;the slim shady lp&quot;, and i wish it had been better so i wouldn't have had to waste my [money]..... theres only 2 or 3 good songs on the album, which are &quot;criminal&quot;, &quot;stan&quot; which is getting annoying after a while, and &quot;drug ballad&quot;, slim's new single &quot;the way i am&quot; is scary and makes me want to throw the album in the trash even more then the first single &quot;the real slim shady&quot;....... truthfully i cant wait for Slim's next effort because i think hes a good writer but he put his abililty to waste on this one..... hoping for the same record sales but better results next time....
 B000AA7B4I-96 POSITIVO  I love this cd. Almost all of the songs are the bomb. Eminem is a greatrapper. Every song that I like on it has a part on it where it is funny... I am a complete fan, but I see his points on &quot;The Way I Am&quot; or #7 if you will. END
 B000AA7B4I-97 POSITIVO  hello all, if you are reading my message good.anyways maybe some of u like EMINEM and maybe some of u don't ,but guess what I LIKE EMINEM!!! as far as his new album i love it.i just think most people dont have the balls to say what they want ,like EMINEM.i'm not saying i would recommend his albums to young children or anything because thats what parental advisory is for.i could listen to his albums ALL DAY !!!!basically what i'm trying to say is EMINEM IS HOT with his rhymes, whether some of you like it or not he may be here for a while .i'll be glad,too.i'm sure a lot of you people out there think he's an a%%hole or whatnot but deep down inside i think he would be or is really a kind person.he's had a lot to deal with so he puts his feelings into his music.thats just the way he is and he nor i give a f&amp;ck!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-98 POSITIVO  This is the best cd out there an it totally showz that someone can take a major stand against all of the pop music remakes .This album tells how it is an in my opinon i think that pop music should tone it down with all the boy &amp; girl groups because seriously people get sick of them ! But i Luv this album an i luv Eminem ! Dude he's one of the best out there an is going to be a major legend in society as he is right now...
 B000AA7B4I-99 POSITIVO  Eminem (Marshall Mathers, aka Slim Shady) does not bother explaining why he speaks so cruely of others, he says he merely uses verbal abuse as a type of therapy. But is it so easy to dismiss his apparent disdain for everything just because the album is full of brilliantly produced tracks and witty banter. Well...yes it is. If you are in it for entertainment purposes, this album will surely deliver. Just don't question his judgement, he probably isn't serious anyway.
 B000AA7B4I-100 POSITIVO  This is one of the best cd's to come out in a long time. All the songs on it are worth listening to, except for the skits, which I thought were pretty stupid. So what if he disses homosexuals, britney spears, nsync and all the rest of them..did anyone ever say Eminem was serious? This cd is all just for fun if you take it seriously you could get seriously screwed up. If you don't like violence or get offended easily don't buy this cd. Every song on this cd rocks. Everyone should go out and get it!
 B000AA7B4I-101 POSITIVO  This album truly is a work of art by Eminem. His hard hitting up-front lyrics have caused a lot of bother recently in the press, and in several of these songs he is simply trying to make his point that there is nothing wrong with him, and half of his lyrics are not serious. He does this intelligently in his original and innovative style of rap. The rest of the songs on the album are either his usual up-beat amusing raps (the real slim shady, criminal) or his hard and explicit messages (kim, drug ballad, stan). All in all, I believe that is is the best album of a single artist that I have ever bought, and my advice is to order it from Amazon.com right now.
 B000AA7B4I-102 POSITIVO  Eminem's The Marshall Mather's LP is one of those CD's where every song is a good song. But the Best Songs on the Album is CRIMANAL, and STAN. This CD is a must have for fans of Rap.
 B000AA7B4I-103 POSITIVO  This CD is amazing. Every song is good, some in different ways than others. For instance, if i was tired and wanted to just relax, i would listen to Remember Me or I'm Back or something. If I wanted to dance i would listen to Drug Ballad. If I wanted to hear a story I would listen to Stan. But the real reason I wrote this review is because of the song Kim. I am tired of listening to people dis it. Yes it is really really disturbing and if someone were to play it at the mall or something it would probably be empty in a second. But if you listen to it a few times, you can see how deep it is. ... he has taken his anger and made a song about killing his wife that is more convincing than any movie. Just the way he does it is great. Most rappers would have the whole song just yelling swears. He integrates them with feeling. The part i noticed this most was when he goes &quot;I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU! I SWEAR TO GOD I HATE YOU! Oh my God I love you!&quot; It shows how much feeling went into it, and how when you are doing something like that your feelings fluctuate between love and hate. It is just an amazing song, and if you listen to it a few times instead of going &quot;Ew that is sick!&quot; and never listening to it again, you will see what I mean. But pay attention and be ready to cry a few times, it is extremely emotional.
 B000AA7B4I-104 POSITIVO  I can't stand all those people who haven't heard more than 3 of Eminem's songs that say he has no skills. If you listen to his first LP, his freestyles, his underground stuff, and this cd, you'll see that he's among the top 10, maybe even 5, lyricists out right now. His rhymin and his flow is original because theres no one else in the industry that has his style. He keeps your head nodding through the whole cd and even gives you an occasional laugh. He also shows his ability to tell a story on &quot;Stan&quot;, where his deep lyrics keeps you thinking. As for most of his other songs, his venomous lyrics are tight as hell and he finally responds back to those make-up wearing posers, ICP. All of the beats are good and Eminem flows with them perfectly. Dre, Snoop, Xzibit, and Nate Dogg make the album stronger. Except for 2 very weak cameos by D-12's Bizarre, this album is ridiculous. You won't know or appreciate what a good lyricist Eminem is till you cop this album.
 B000AA7B4I-105 NEGATIVO  The Marshall mathers lp has got to be the most overrated album in the history of hip-hop and music, to say that this is better than classics like It takes a nation to hold us back, Ready to die, Illmatic, must be on some kind of acid trip, I Thought every single song was useless, eminem claims he's anti-pop, yet he has the same fanbase as the backstreet boys & NSync, the real silm shady was a ridiculous song and everything else is just silly. (with the exception of stan)This rapper paved the way for so-called hardcore rappers aka Poseurs like 50 who's making rap look bad then ever.and 50 didn't get shot 9 times, that was just a gimmick, he got shot 3 times.If you want a real good album of 2000's based on a white rapper look no futher than Bubba Sparxxx's deliverence.Eminem is not for me, only for pathetic useless stans who only thinks this is a good album.This album is the most overrated album of all time live with it.
 B000AA7B4I-106 NEGATIVO  Emineum strikes again, but this may not be a good thing, On Eminems first album he shocked people with his style and songs about shrooms and killing an ex girlfriend, it was kinda cool. And now on this his new cd, i was waiting for for weeks anticipating its realease, i poped it in and its the same old crap only worse. you first hear over and over how you dont mess with him because he will fing kill you over and over. who wants to hear this. It has little interludes of him talking to record producers talking about how bad this record is. and i think to myself wow what a waste of space on an album, maybe he could have put a good song on here instead of wasting this space with talking, and then later on you hear yet another song about killing the same girl kim,,,ok enough this is stupid, its funny at first but then its like hold on time to listen to some real music like mettalica, this guys making money for this stuff dont be crazy enough to spend your money on it please, if i can save one persons money i will be happy. two songs are ok, stan the first one is about a crazy fan,and his letters to him this is pretty good and shockig the next the real slim shady ok overplayed dont want to hear it agin, stick with his first album.
 B000AA7B4I-107 NEGATIVO  And I thought DMX was bad....oh man was I ever wrong. Slim Shady what a joke! Why do people find this music so cool? Maybe there immature personality is inner locked with there dying need to be cool so they think this music is oh-so awesome and they rush out and buy the CD and dress like a saggy clown on crack. People WAKE UP!! Eminem is the worst of the worst when it comes to rap and he doesn't even really try.Yeah he makes the world feel so sad for him in his movie 8 Mile but what about the millions of other people out there who have it worse than him. Go cry a river in the corner Marshall Matters, mary mother of satan stop being such a baby!And you want to know something else people? I have never heard someone talk about themselves and there CD's so much in my life yet make millions of dollars just talking about it? Jealous....not really, just trying to make a point that if you bought this CD or any of his CD's that you are the stupid one because you just bought an album that talks about Slim Shady and Slim Shady only. You are the one's who need to realize what a mistake you have made!So overall I think Eminem is by far the worst idiot to ever walk the face of the earth and needs to have the crap kicked out of him. He tried to kill his wife, shoot Violent J from ICP, and turned millions of guys into wanna-be thugs.Do not buy this album or any of them....BURN THEM and BURN HIM!!Eminem ~ Negative 140 stars out of 10 stars
 B000AA7B4I-108 NEGATIVO  I like rap music alot, but I cannot see what the big deal about this guy is. He has absoulutely no flow at all, and his beats are among some of the corniest ones I have ever heard(and I have heard alot of them). My mom bought this CD and I couldn't stand it from the very beginning, not one decent track on the whole thing. I hate to say that she wasted her money, but she did--big time. ....But, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe Eminem is just too cool for me. real way. He might get some airplay that a black rapper wouldn't get, but all that means is that poppy radio stations across the country have some better fare for you to listen to. If he's reluctant to use the N-word, I figure that's his perogative. Some white rappers do use it. His abuse of weaker ones is raising the ante on all rappers. And as far as being &quot;rap's resident alien,&quot; I think that's trash. He came from a relative outpost on the national hip hop scene (Detroit MI) and built up a core base of true heads on both coasts through mixtapes and radio and underground features before he ever had videos and photos out everywhere. There's nothing wrong with a bad review of an album like this. There are clearly weaknesses. But this review was uninformed, and uninspired blather. It was totally unhelpful to a fan of the music and shouldn't be included on the page.
 B000AA7B4I-109 NEGATIVO  This cd was so offensive to the beautiful Christina agulara and to his wife kim and women and gay men it makes me wish i didn't buy it. The only good song on there is stan... But that isn't that good so if your out there and thinking of not buying it don't bother.
 B000AA7B4I-110 NEGATIVO  This isn't what its hyped up to be.. just like fem himself. A 4 year old bad mouthed kid could do better than this. 1 star is too much.
 B000AA7B4I-111 POSITIVO  I luv this album. I think that Eminem's point of view is amazing and his rapping talents are awsome. I think that the way he disses whoever he wants to in his songs is phat. Eminem is a very talented rapper, who speaks his mind and happens to be really really hot.
 B000AA7B4I-112 POSITIVO  I love this cd! It is so great,all the songs rock.My favorite is &quot;kill you&quot;. He puts great effort into his music. It just ROCKS every one totally needs 2 buy this cd, its the best!
 B000AA7B4I-113 POSITIVO  This CD was the best CD i have ever heard. Starts out with PSA 2000 and gets better from there. The Marshal Mathers LP was even better then The Slim Shady LP. All the tracks are great but the best are 2,3,8,16, and 18.
 B000AA7B4I-114 POSITIVO  This CD is greatful because it is present by Eminem for his fan. Congratulations at the best rapper. Of this I like very much &quot;The real slim shady&quot; and &quot;Marshall Masthers&quot;. Tank you Em.
 B000AA7B4I-115 POSITIVO  Eminem is my favorite rapper (along with Eazy-E R.I.P.) and this is his best album to date. It includes some of the best rap songs ever recorded including The Way I Am and Bitch Please II. Nonetheless there is only one song on this album that is not that good (Drug Ballad) and every single other song is perfect. The album flows perfectly together and is lyrically incredible. Most people thought Eminem was going to hit a sophomore slump but this blows his first album away. Every beat is perfect... every rhyme is unique and every featured artist does an awesome job. I can't express enough my love for this album except to say that it can't be beat. All his albums are great but I just wish they were all THIS great.
 B000AA7B4I-116 POSITIVO  Come on people, Eminem is a very talented rapper. Sure, there is profanity. But seriously, curse words have become a huge part of our language. Now, I am not saying its a good thing, because it isn't. However, kids curse in school all the time and little kids hear their parents fight, and I'm sure quite a few parents throw around some bad words. Sure, he may sing about drugs and killing, but I don't think that would have any effect on kids. As long as they are being raised right and are tought right from wrong, thats all that matters.When Eminem was talking about killing his wife in the song, he wasn't telling millions of people across the world to kill their spouses. Remember, its all about common sense.
 B000AA7B4I-117 NEGATIVO  I can't believe I used to like his music.... how embarrassing! If you are a fan of rap music in general (poor you) then I suggest you should listen to Dr Dre or something but NOT eminem. His lyrics are pathetic, the songs are all the same with the same repetitive beat and he just skits everyone when he's not exactly perfect himself! This is the music I cannot stand when all the scallies go around in their cars with it on full volume. On the other hand, if you want to listen to talented music and hate rap in general (like me) then go out and buy an Opeth record or punk like NOFX. This is just commercialised rubbish.
 B000AA7B4I-118 POSITIVO  Marshall Mathers is a great piece of work. 'Slim Shady' was really good, but this is even better. It's got some top tracks i.e. 'Stan', 'Kim', 'The real Slim Shady' and many, many more. I am lost for words, it's hard to explain how good it is. The album is Shady's style but there is something about it that I can't quite put my finger on, something that gives his work an exta umph. This album is the best yet so if you haven't got it I suggest you go out and buy it NOW, and if I had a choice I would mark it 11 out of 10. EMINEM IS BACK AND EVEN BETTER. It's been well worth waiting for.
 B000AA7B4I-119 POSITIVO  God you haters are absolutely pathetic. It seems that practically every item I review I have to write stuff to all these stupid haters. So Eminem sucks does he, Well come on, give us a freestyle if you think your better? Your just jealous of Eminem because his out there selling millions of records and your a bunch of ten year old kids having to scavenge money off your parents. Eminem's ruined rap my a**. He is one of the best rappers out there today and don't say he sucks compared to some non mainstream rappers because all non mainstream rappers suck a**. And if his lyrics could have been written by a fourth grader than how come 10 year olds like you can't become famous like he is? huh. Exactly becuase he has talent and that his why his records all go platinum and if he didn't have talent than Dr Dre would not have helped him and I think Dr Dre knows better than a bunch of juvenile idiots like yourselves. If you don't like Em's s*** so much than why did you wast time writing neg reviews? Who the f*** told you people that your any sort of a judge, idiots like you are in no position to judge this mulit talent MC on his skills in anyway at all.Well I got that over and done with. Now the album. The first rapper I got into was 50 Cent but a while after that I got into stuff like Eminem. I then became totally addicted and I got all his albums. This and the Slim Shady LP are definitely his illest albums so if you like this you should also get the Slim Shady LP. This is ill as with crazy a** lyrics that more than earn a parental advisory sticker. My favourite song would have to be the hit "Stan" which is a song about a diehard Eminem fan called Stan how ends up killing himself becuase Eminem doesn't respond to his fanmail. However other songs like The Way I Am, Kill You, Kim, Criminal, Marshall Mathers, I'm Back and Amityville are great aswell. You will find that there is not one weak track on this which certainly makes it ill as. If you are an Eminem fan than you should already have this but if you have just gotten into Eminem than go get this now.
 B000AA7B4I-120 POSITIVO  DO NOT BUY THIS RAPCRAP!! eminem is whiny and talentless. He makes fun of homosexauls, when he is really gay. He thinks that he is not, but as much as he talks about it he most likely is. He is very whiny. He complains that his life is so hard, when actaully he has all the cash he could ever want(which he doesn't deserve.)He could pay to get out of his "hard life". He said he group up on the streets of detroit, but he really group up in Nebraska and didn't move to Detroit until he was 18. He does have a bit of talent, but he obviously doesn't use it right. The only reason I gave this work of crap 2 stars is because the beats were good and he has a good voice. Do not get this for kids. It is very innapropriate and without a doubt will be a horrible influence. If u want this crap then burn it instead.
 B000AA7B4I-121 POSITIVO  After smashing onto the hip-hop scene with The Slim Shady LP, Eminem disappeared for a while. When he returned, he shocked and outraged parents, gay and lesbian rights organizations, and even a few domestic abuse organizations. Well, what did we expect? This is the same guy who has written two songs about killing his wife! In all seriousness, his music is only about what he observes. While I personally don't agree with most of what he preaches on here, musically it's one of the strongest rap albums in years. Lyrically it's a triumph.When "Real Slim Shady" was playing, I remember hearing so many people saying the Eminem controversy would soon be over. Then he released "The Way I Am," expressing his distaste for obsessive fans and controlling labels. That one convinced me to try the CD. And I'm very glad I did!His next single, "Stan," a dance influenced, heavy rap dealing with obsessive fans-again- with not-so-veiled references to songs on his debut disc. That was one that made everyone admit that Eminem is pure genius, regardless of the up in arms parents.And for those who feel that all the hate in rap is for negative reasons only are sadly mistaken. By listening to the anger and pain of a song, you're more capable of making decisions. Even on tracks that might shock some, such as "Drug Ballad" or "Kill You," I will stress that he continually reminds his listeners that it's just music.Where you stand on the Eminem debate is your choice alone. Just don't pass judgement before giving him a chance.
 B000AA7B4I-122 POSITIVO  This cd is the greatest. eminem is so funny and even though some of his songs are a bit depressing he is still the best. this one is good for all of u teens whose mom wont let u buy somethin with explicit lyrics. this way u can listen to someone u luv and have ur mom approve of it since there are NO explicit lyrics.
 B000AA7B4I-123 POSITIVO  When I first heard 'The Real Slim Shady' on the radio, I got pretty excited about the album. While I'm not really a fan, this album is far more interesting than the first. The Public Service Announcement is pretty damn funny, as are 'Ken Kaniff' and 'Kill You'. I was really surprised when I heard this album- 'Stan' shows Eminem does have a conscience and is aware of the innocence of most people even though his lyrics would suggest he doesn't particularly care for anyone. As a rapper, he seems to have improved on his technique and the beats on this album are so much better than on his first attempt. What grabbed me about this album most is the potential for excellent hooks like the one in the chorus of 'The Real Slim Shady'. Eminem cynics beware- this could change everything you ever considered Shady to be.
 B000AA7B4I-124 POSITIVO  After The Slim Shady LP I found myself in amazement. I white rapper. Yeah right we have another Vanilla Ice here. Then Everyone started talking about Eminem and &quot;My name is.&quot; At first every African American was talking about how &quot;cat&quot; Eminem is and stuff like that. Every White person loved him.Finally came Dre 2001. Eminem's cut &quot;Forgot about Dre&quot; was the biggest hit from CD and from there on out everyone has been looking forward to this album.At first people were worried about the &quot;Sophomore Slump.&quot; You know all the good rappers have them Snoop, Dre, Jay - Z, Puffy, etc. But what people did not realize was that not every good rapper actually have them. DMX didn't and now Eminem did not as well.On this album you have all the elements of a &quot;great&quot; album. Starting with &quot;Kill You.&quot; A track where Emienem is talking about exactly that. After that comes possibly one of the best tracks &quot;Stan.&quot; Of course &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; where he talks about everyone from Will Smith to Christina Aguilera. The best track on the CD to me is &quot;Marshall Mathers.&quot; This shows the true Marshall Mathers in this track. He talks about everyone from New Kids on the Block to Britney Spears to N Sync and the backstreet Boys.
 B000AA7B4I-125 POSITIVO  When i first heard this album back in 2000 it was out of this world,i listin to the album the other day and it just sounds as fresh as it does today.I have to give a big thumbs up to DR DRE as he created most of the beats and backing music for this album, and produced it.As is all of DRE,S producing from past to present its top notch, big ups to EMINEM and DR DRE,i even own the EMINEM license plate in new zealand as when i purchased the plate back in 99 the operator said who or what is that never heard of him,how times change,come on EM get back with DRE and try and produced another album like this.Its your best.
 B000AA7B4I-126 POSITIVO  I'm not an Eminem fan and will never spend a dime on his music.But he is a credible, talented and original emcee worthy of most of his hype.This is the one LP from his catalog I'd buy if I (gulp) ever really was so inclined to support him.
 B000AA7B4I-127 POSITIVO  Wow! This is not only Eminem's best album, this album should be in any rap fan's prized classic CD collection. This is the CD that started a revolution. It turned people that hated rap into rap fans, and it turned some rap fans into rap haters. It's simply because this rap album is just so different from most. From the disturbing but completely dope lyrics on "Kill You" (serial killer hiding murder material in a cereal box on top of your stereo) to the hilarious lyrics on "Criminal" (Hate ***s? The answer's yes!), the album not only upholds Eminem's lyrics on "The Slim Shady LP", but it murders them and sets a new bar for rappers to abide to. My personal favorites on the album are:Kill You- Straight up completely demented and weird.Stan- Sad story of a crazy fan.Who Knew- Funny as hell.The Way I Am- Menacing threat to his obsessive fans.The Real Slim Shady- Funny, especially the line about Will Smith.Remember Me?- Kinda scary-sounding.Marshall Mathers- Good lines on ICP.Amityville- Bizarre's verse talks about raping his cousin and getting his friends to rape his sister at her sixth birthday party. Enough said.B***h Please II- Great cameos.Kim- Sick, disgusting and twisted song. It sent shudders throughout my body when he yells "bleed, bleed."Criminal- Pretty funny.
 B000AA7B4I-128 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP Is a very strong album. This albub was put out before eminem went mainstream pop. Not that i blame him, how much money does he have, i would have done it. With that being said, this Cd covers all fellings, Hate with a passion on "Kill You" to "Who Knew" where he talks about how every one wants to be done with him know that he's a popular rap icon. Then you have "Stan", a song about a crazed fan that takes everyone Em says to seriously, and wants to be just like him, to the point of almost stalking. Then you have "Marshall Mathers" where em tries to tell everyone hes human just like the rest of his. Btch please II is a classic, as is my favorite song on the album, Criminal, the beats are awesome, his lyrics are deep and meaningful, this is easily eminems best album to date, i would reccomend this CDE to anyone.
 B000AA7B4I-129 NEUTRO  This was the first hip-hop album i ever bought. I thought it was really great, and i listened to it all the time. My favorites was Criminal(18) and The Real Slim Shady(8). I just couldn't get enough of it!After a while, I started to listen to artists as Gang Starr. Jeru the Damaja, KRS-One, Nas, and many others. I think Eminem doesn't have a chance against the hip hop of the 90's.I don't listen to Eminem any more, and his newest albums is nothing but desperate tries of earning money....This album still get a 3 star, because it got me into hip-hop. I think the best tracks are Remember me(9) and Amityville(14). Don't think Eminem fans agree with me there...Old school 4 ever
 B000AA7B4I-130 POSITIVO  This was the first Eminem album I ever had so it was basically the first impression of him I ever got. I didn't understand the 'Ken Kaniff' skit until my brother Jack came and told me there was this pathetic band called Insane Clown Posse with two gay guys as the lead singers and I understood the skit better. 'The Real Slim Shady' is my favorite on this CD, and I always like to listen to 'The Way I Am' when I'm real pissed off after a bad day at school, which would mean I listen to it pretty much every day... Anyway, Eminem has really grown since the Slim Shady LP came out, and his topics are wider. In 'The Way I Am', he really explains what his life is like and how he just can't get a break from the constant attention. My friend actually is a rapper and he can relate because he gets a thousand phone calls from everybody every day, and that seems to be how it is for Em. I especially can relate to his song 'Kim', where he pretends to kill his aweful wife and throw her in the lake, because a lot of girlfriends are like her that I've had in the past. I don't really understand the song 'Amityville', but I like how he rhymes the chorus. Bizzarre's line is funny too. I like the opening track 'Kill You' because if you think of the chorus, "You don't.... Wanna _ _ _ _ with Shady.... Cause Shady...... Will_ _ _ _ ' _ _ kill you!!! " and then change 'Slim Shady' to my name, it would end up being my theme song. 'Stan' is a really cool song that features a portion of a song by Dido, and it sounded too long when I first heard it but now I feel like it seems too short. 'Who Knew' is a great song because it talks about how Eminem's music gets to the minds of little kids and they wanna be like him so they try out the things he suggests and get in trouble, and how it's not his fault, and I agree with that completely. It really isn't his fault, and good parents need to keep an eye on what their kids are listening to. Kids these days wouldn't be so obsessed with drugs, sex, and violence if they actually had good parents, so people shouldn't blame Eminem. 'Remember Me' features two rappers (RBX & Sticky Fingaz) who I've never heard of but they're pretty good. 'I'm Back' is one of my other favorites because of the chorus and basically the whole song itself. 'B**** Please' is another favorite because it's got Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre, Xzibit, and Nate Dogg, and Nate Dogg is only good when he's featured, and does a sad job when he does his own album..... 'Under The Influence' features D12, but it's not my favorite. 'Criminal' is hilarious. Overall, this album is fantastic, especially the opening skit with Jeff Bass. That's the best skit I've ever heard, it's so d_ _n funny. When I first heard this album I didn't really like it all that much but then I heard the Slim Shady LP and the Eminem Show and I realized he's really got talent. Encore can rot in Hell, but his first three are great. I rate this one, and both the others, A+.- K.G.M.
 B000AA7B4I-131 POSITIVO  this is the best eminem cd i got it when it came out and it is the best of all the eminem cd's i loved this cd because it is a whole new eminem his last lp was great but this one is much better similar cd's you should get if you like eminem are limp bizkit,korn,kid rock,dr.dre,and dmx.one thing is for sure you will not waste your money on buying this cd!!!
 B000AA7B4I-132 POSITIVO  this is the best eminem cd i got it when it came out and it is the best of all the eminem cd's you will not waste your money on buying this cd!!!
 B000AA7B4I-133 POSITIVO  This is by far better than Eminem's first cd &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot;. I Love Eminem and I love rap. I have bought over 30 rap cd's in the last year, and this is by far the best. I definitely recommend this CD to rap lovers even if u hate Eminem. If U R thinking about buying this CD stop thinking. BUY IT!
 B000AA7B4I-134 POSITIVO  This has got to be one of the dopest albums in recent years! I bought it on the day of release in the UK, and it is one of the best albums I have heard. Eminem comes stronger than ever: just check the tracks about his obssessive fan, 'Stan', if you don't believe me! It's as funny, if not funnier, in places, than 'Slim Shady LP', and to keep you Dre heads happy, features RBX, Dre, X to the Z Xzibit, Snoop, Nate and even ex Onyx member Sticky Fingaz. Buy this album!
 B000AA7B4I-135 POSITIVO  Who just happens to have hit it big with the &quot;MTV Generation.&quot; This kid has skills to pay the bills folks. It would be hard to imagine an emcee of this caliber getting anything less than mad props, and yet this is the situation Eminem finds himself in. Many assume because he is white, and because he has bleached hair, and because all the teeny-boppers love him, that he is not &quot;Hip Hop.&quot; Well if you assume that, you would be dead wrong. This kid has blazed the underground for years, and now he is set to tear up the overground. Forget the hype, forget the screaming teens and all the MTV appearances - this kid is an emcee of the highest order. The beats are on point to boot.White, black or red, Eminem IS hip hop. If lyrical banging is what you want, then get your a$$ to Sam Goody and cop the album kid. Dementia never sounded so good.
 B000AA7B4I-136 POSITIVO  I've got the new CD and i think its probably the greatest music I've ever heard him come out with! The best song on the CD, in my opinion, is Kill You, either that, or Criminal. He doesn't seem to be afraid of anyone and says exactly how he feels. Definitly buy this one!
 B000AA7B4I-137 POSITIVO  If you are anything like me...you got a little worried the first time you saw Eminem and thought he might be the next Vanilla Ice. Well, if the first CD didn't alleviate your fears...The Marshall Mathers LP will definitely convince you that Eminem is for real...and obviously sticking around. This album is off the banger!
 B000AA7B4I-138 POSITIVO  The new album is definatly a great follow up to &quot;The Slim Shady LP.&quot; Eminem still proves that he does not care what anybody thinks about him. With songs like &quot;The Way I am&quot; anwsers right back to everyone that talked back to him. The song &quot;Stan,&quot; is about an obsessed fan who kills himself and his girlfriend because he doesn't anwser his letters and follow what eminem says in his songs. In &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, He makes fun of Tom Green, boy bands, Christina Agulera. She was very upset about it too. The album is really a good come back for Eminem against people who talked bad about him in the past year. He also wants to let you know that he is back and here to stay, although he never really left.
 B000AA7B4I-139 POSITIVO  Eminem is one of the few great rappers of our time. He is original in his lyrics and this is very refreshing. He raps about what he is feeling and doesn't care what anyone says about it. Although no one wants to admit it, everyone has felt like him at one time or another. He, and only he, has the balls to say it out loud and I respect him for that.
 B000AA7B4I-140 POSITIVO  I really liked this cd, if you like rap, you will enjoy this cd, however it does have rather strong content, so if you don't like foul language don't get this cd.
 B000AA7B4I-141 POSITIVO  This CD is full of twisted, but great fun. It has many different types of tracks, from The Real Slim Shady, to Criminal, to the skit Ken Kaniff. It is a must for all rap lovers.
 B000AA7B4I-142 POSITIVO  this cd is pure. well to me its pure. every single song has a meaning, which in some cases is wicked funny. many people don't take eminem for granted, but if you listen to his songs he definetely has a point. my favorite songs are &quot;kill you&quot;, &quot;marshall mathers&quot;, and &quot;criminal&quot;. i have a word of advice. get the UN-CENSORED version, because if you don't your buying a cd full of mutes and beeps. so ending this review i definetly give this cd a pure gold 5 stars!
 B000AA7B4I-143 POSITIVO  This is one of Eminem's most understandable CD that I have ever listened to. It talks about how life in the real world is or can be. Also you must listen to the words and understand them and then you'll get the feeling that this is the truth. So if you want a CD with killer lyrics and a voice that tells the truth then this is the CD for you. This can be yours if you take the chance because it's going to be Eminem forever!
 B000AA7B4I-144 POSITIVO  ... i love this boy, hes holdin it down hard core for the midwest and im in love w/ this album. the slim shady lp was tight and the marshall mathers lp is even better, my favorite song has to be who knew or kim. he has a great way of releasing his frustrations through his music and i respect him for that. vanilla ice gave white rappers a bad name, but em came and cleared that up fast. i listen to all kinds of music, from nsync to eminem to metallica and everything in between...well...everything but britney spears cuz shes a whore...but thats beside the point, eminem really got me into the whole hip hop thing and i really like it, and i really like eminems syle.ay, just buy the CD and you can't go wrong. But beware, the return of Ken Kaniff is pretty sick but still hilarious.ngsta rap production. How does it stack up to Em's debut? At points, The Marshall Mathers LP surpasses Slim Shady, most notably on the aforementioned &quot;Kill You&quot; and the virtuosic &quot;Stan&quot;. Unfortunately, towards the end it begins to feature other less talented rappers and the tone shifts to brainless profanity and straightforward violence. It's too bad the the freshness of the first few tracks couldn't be extended for the entire album (Perhaps due to the 70+ minute running time). Still, I liked more than I didn't and I think that some critics are being a bit too harsh. The most important thing is that even if eminem's lyrics slack off a bit, he's got amazing vocal talent. While clearly no &quot;Slim Shady&quot; this one's still a worthy purchase.
 B000AA7B4I-145 POSITIVO  eminem is the best rapper since rap was made. eminem sings about what he feels like,thats what makes him so original. the real slim shady and the way i am are way beyond good! To me emeinem makes snoop dog, dr. dra, jay-z, and 2pac seem like last years news my advise is to bye the cd and see how good it is your self- Joseph A. Novak
 B000AA7B4I-146 POSITIVO  I was amazed at how good this cd was. After his first cd only had two or three good songs on it I was only expecting about four good songs on it. However almost every song is great! This cd is also one of the funniest ones I own. Although it is not for young children Eminem makes you laugh so much ( like AMERICAN PIE funny). The songs are great. The intensity he puts in the song make it a great cd. I would recomend this cd for all people who like rap and comedy.
 B000AA7B4I-147 POSITIVO  Eminem is an excellent lyricist. He has a mastery of coming up with intelligent rhymes. But from a female point of view, he goes a little too far. He's married to his wife now and he still sings about killing her. I can't listen to Kim because the violence against his wife makes me uncomforable. Paul is a great song. The beat is good and I like the woman singing in the background. The lyrics is what makes the song so powerful. All in all a definite buy but female listeners beware.
 B000AA7B4I-148 POSITIVO  I hope someday people will grow eyes to see beyond the actual language itself and hear NOT what he is saying LITERALLY, but what he is SAYING FOR REAL. I'm not gonna sit here and try to convince you of it, but I'll tell you what. If you can understand, then you're miles ahead of the rest of the pack.
 B000AA7B4I-149 POSITIVO  Eminem returned a little after 2 years for his sophomore project, one that would be at the time the fastest selling rap album ever and in the long run selling upwards to 10 million copies. A good album but my least favorite (along with Encore) of his 4 solo ones. Not as comical as his first, but it still has its moments, as well as a few more darker songs about his family and his growing up. Features a few more guests on this one, and Dre handled a little more of the production, doing about two thirds of the albums beats. Has about 2 or 3 songs that I skip but has about 3 classics as well. A good album to have for rap fans nevertheless.#2 - 6.5#3 - 10 (a classic deep song about a fan - Stan - who goes crazy when not receiveing mail back from a star)#5 - 7.5#7 - 9#8 - 8 (addressing all the fake Slim Shady's that popped up after Eminem blew up)#9 - 6 (f/ RBX & Sticky Fingaz)#10 - 7#11 - 8.5#13 - 8.5#14 - 7 (f/ Bizarre of D12)#15 - 10 (classic remix - f/ Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit, Nate Dogg - Em has a hilarius verse on this one - great beat)#16 - 8.5 (prequel to the song off the first album where he kills his ex - Kim)#17 - 10 (classic song about getting fu*k*d up - f/ D12 (Proof, Kuniva, Kon Artis, Swifty, Bizarre - great beat)#18 - 9Marshall Mathers -- b. 10/17/72 -- St. Joseph, MO; moved to Detriot, MIcheck all my reviews
 B000AA7B4I-150 POSITIVO  I like encore, and the slim shady LP the best but this is pretty good with songs like criminal, remember me, and stan, buy the album after you buy his 1st and newest one. This is better than his followup 2002's the eminem show though... and ps to the person that calls himself east nugga187, stop reviewing CD's, all hes on here to do is be racist and say how white people cant rap when they can, + he's probaby not even black, racist's arent cool, no matter what color, so stop reviewing CD's.
 B000AA7B4I-151 POSITIVO  Listen, I have been a hip-hop fan for mannnny years, starting out with the Rakim/Eric B, LL Cool J era of hip-hop...In 1996, Eminem dashed into the rap scene with his first album INFINITE, which proved he was a competent lyricist without enough backing and good production. In 1999, he was signed To Dr. Dre's Aftermath label, and he dropped the Slim Shady LP, which is an all-out classic album. Well you know the rest, don't you? Well, since I reviewed ENCORE recently, I figured I should go back to the time when Em was at his highest lyrical level...In 2000/2001, when he released The Marshall Mathers LP...Track Ratings--------------1.P.S.A 2000 (N/A)2.Kill You (5 Stars)3.Stan (5 Stars)4.Paul (N/A)5.Who Knew (5 Stars)6.Steve Berman (N/A)7.The Way I Am (5 Stars)8.The Real Slim Shady (5 Stars)9.Remember Me (4 1/2 Stars)10.I'm Back (5 Stars)11.Marshall Mathers (5 Stars)12.Ken Kaniff (N/A)13.Drug Ballad (3 1/2 Stars)14.Amityville (3 1/2 Stars)15.B*tch Please II (5 Stars)16.Kim (3 1/2 Stars)17.Under The Influence (4 1/2 Stars)18.Criminal (5 Stars)Em opens the album perfectly, with his infamous "Kill You" track, which is a prime example of woman degrading.On songs like "Stan" and "The Way I Am", Em gives us true Reality Rap. "Stan" is the famous story of the obsessed fan, but in my opinion, "The Way I Am" is lyrically better, as we see Em lashing out at fans and critics in a lyrical barrage.Em shows us some humour on songs like "Who Knew" and "The Real Slim Shady", which includes incredible production and lyrics at the same time.My two favourite songs on the album are "Marshall Mathers" and "Criminal"...On the first of the two, Em gets VERY personal, basically taking us further into his messed up mind. On "Criminal", Em gives us humour mixed in with reality, attacking gays, and showing us how dumb his critics really are. Classic stuff.In conclusion, if you are a rap fan, you will LOVE this album. Go cop it if you haven't already!Top 3 Songs:1.Marshall Mathers2.Criminal3.The Way I AmWorst 3 Songs:1.NOT APPLICABLE2.NOT APPLICABLE3.NOT APPLICABLE( There are weaker moments on the album, but none of the songs belong in the "worst" list, because they are all listenable on different times...((i.e DRUG BALLAD, KIM, AMITYVILLE, etc)) )
 B000AA7B4I-152 POSITIVO  This is one of the greatest CD's that has every been made. This was the first that I could listen to every song and not get bored. I dont care if he raps about gays and homos, and killing crap it is good music. It has a good beat and it is just good to listen too. I will always like this CD and if u do not have it, i encourage u too go out and buy it.
 B000AA7B4I-153 POSITIVO  This is, withou a doubt, the best hip-hop album to come out in a long time. It seems the latter part of the nineties was plagued with quite a few who wish they were B.I.G., Tupac, Nas, Wu-Tang, etc. Mathers' albums, as a whole, are head-and-shoulders above much of whats out there. Aside from the wannabes and wish-they-weres the late nineties brought the growing popularity of the Southern and Central rappers, but Shady brings back the damning socil commentary of the late eighties and early nineties with his scathing attacks on censorship, hypocracy and overall ignorance that weighs America down. This album is the most adept presentation in the resume of Marshall Mathers and I only hope that if he does release a fourth album it with be as open, honest and angry as this one. Because while all three of his current albums are great neither the first nor the third are no where near this calibur of this album.
 B000AA7B4I-154 POSITIVO  The CD has awesome hits like &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, and &quot;Stan&quot;. This is my favorite Eminem CD out of all of them.1. Public Service Announcement 2000 - 3.5/5 The best PSA... I'm just not very hip on the skits.2. Kill You - 5/5 A good song about his mom. 3rd best!3. Stan - 5/5 A great song about his biggest fan, Stan...4. Paul (skit) - 2/5 A very short and pointless skit.5. Who Knew - 3.7/5 Don't remember what is was about but a very good song!6. Steve Berman (skit) - 4/5 All of the Steve Berman skits are great!7. The Way I Am - 5/5 The 2nd best song on here!8. The Real Slim Shady - 5/5 The BEST song from Eminem ever!!9. Remember Me - 3/5 It's OK... has many disadvantages.10. I'm Back - 4/5 Eminem is back!11. Marshall Mathers - 3/5 It's average, I just don't like the lyrics and beats... kinda boring.12. Ken Kaniff (skit) - 2/5 The worst skit on the CD!13. Drug Ballad - 5/5 A VERY good song... I LOVE the lyrics!14. Amityville - 2.7/5 Worst song on the CD, VERY disappointing.15. B*tch Please II - 5/5 This one is one of my favorites! D12 rules!16. Kim - 3.5/5 A song about killing his wife, Kim... an OK to average song.17. Under The Influence 4.5/5 Very Explict but still a very good song.18. Criminal - 4/5 A pretty good song... good beat, too.
 B000AA7B4I-155 POSITIVO  This album inpressed me. Eminem gives us the harsh reality of life, as intrepreted through his disturbed mind. Althought he lyrics may be disturbing at times, there's always a reason for them. Some of the music is very dark, and comes close to revealing the white rapper's intentions and opinions, like &quot;The Way I Am,&quot; and &quot;Who Knew.&quot; Others are obscene fun. And there are also those that tell a story, described through verses that create mental images, like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim,&quot; both of which are told by the characters. The selection is very diverse, you will not be dissapointed.
 B000AA7B4I-156 POSITIVO  It would be trite to say that those who don't like it don't get it; there is certainly weight in arguments concerning occasional flaws in production, Eminem's 'shady' singing skills and moments in which the 'voice of troubled youth' is a little more youthful then this otherwise poignant, mature release sets as it's standard. Having said that, one can't help but consider the extent to which those who badmouth the 'Marshall Mathers LP' invariably fail to grasp quite the handle Eminem seems to have on the dissociative, anti-social, pseudo-rebellious trends in our young generation. The irony, of course, is that those who so vocally don't quite understand are the causal link that creates such phenomenon by which they are so confused and irritated. My annoyance of the ignorant aside, this album is a witty, articulate example of someone who not only connects with the voice of intelligent, angry youth but communicates it with breathtaking skill. Guest appearences (regretably fast becoming the hallmark of his predecessor Dr. Dre) are kept to a minimum and what we are left with is a series of masterly woven tales of anger, frustration confusion, egotism and indulgence. Rather then exploit the 'born on the streets' element permeating so much of rap at his time, as if all involved are competing for credibility, Eminem focuses his subject matter on this recording on his confusion as to his status as a 'kid who got rich' and role model, as to his societal place and perceived requirements of such and as to his desire to just 'be a young person' with all the indulgence and wrecklesness that entails. I empathise to where he's at here and can only admire the way he brings that to me as a listener in a way that connects with me musically as well as politically.
 B000AA7B4I-157 POSITIVO  i think this has to be the best cd he has ever done i love this cd its more raw and intense than the first one but still has comdeical tracks on it such as without me,the real slim shady,and so on but this cd also has the more serious tracks such as stan,the way i am overall this cd has to be the best white rapper cd ever.top songs1.the way i am2.stan3.without me4.the real slim shady5.marshall mathersmy favorite songs on this cd is marshall mathers and the way i am is my fav song of his all time bc this song got mad bass and awesome flow of music this cd is a must own even if u only like rap a little bit.
 B000AA7B4I-158 POSITIVO  First, Eminem is not a genius. Maybe smart or clever, but not a genius. I'm sick of hearing that. But this album is sick. The majority of rappers nowadays are all over the radio singin' stupid p***y love songs. Like Westside Connection said, you can't tell rap from R&amp;B anymore. I mean, I love Jay-Z, but unless you know what album it's on, can you tell a Jay-Z song from a Beyonce' song? Listen to &quot;Bonnie and Clyde&quot; and then listen to &quot;Crazy in Love&quot;. Both of them could be on the same album and you wouldn't know if it was an R&amp;B album, or a rap album. That's what I like about Eminem. He brings back that fierce, defiant vibe into rap. Rap used to provoke and inspire and shock the mainstream. Now, it IS the mainstream. LOL You got rich old businessmen and soccer moms that know alot of rap songs by heart. I like Jay, but his harder stuff is never heard. Just his singles. That's why we need rappers like Eminem or Nas or DMX (Yes, DMX). I ABSOLUTELY don't think Eminem is the greatest MC of all time. S**t, he's not even in my top 10. But he has changed the face of rap and this is an insane album. One of the best rap albums ever. Clever lyrics in songs like &quot;Stan&quot; or songs that shock like &quot;Kim&quot; or fierce songs like &quot;The Way I Am&quot;. Rap needs more seriousness and less p***y's. I don't wanna hear about how Fabolous is in love or Ja Rule or LL Cool J (although he used to be my favorite rapper when he was in his prime.). We need more rappers like Eminem or Nas or Tupac or Biggie or Jay-Z (when he's doin' his thing). Hopefully, Eminem will be around for a little while longer.
 B000AA7B4I-159 POSITIVO  I no it's kinda weird when that I got it in this order, but I started liking eminem the first album i bought was THE EMINEM SHOW, and I loved it. So then i bought the 8 mile soundtrack witch i thought was ok. Then I got the Slim Shady LP I liked it! Then just a week ago I bought this CD by shady.This is the order of shady's best albumsThe Marshall Mathers LP 5/5The EMINEM SHOW 5/5The Slim Shady LP 4/5The 8 Mile soundtrack 3/5So if you like Hip-Hop and Hardcore Rap, then get this cd and maybe other cd's by EMINEM most of them are great.
 B000AA7B4I-160 POSITIVO  OK! this Review can go the same way with the slim shady LP too. i know ppl complain about his lyrics and how they are to violent, but thats what hes lived with, so thats what he writes about. I dont even have the CD yet, BUT I HEARd my friends' copy. its great, if u liked the slim shady LP, ull LOVE this. I like the way each of songs like tell a story. When i first heard STAN i thought it was dumb but when I listened to the words i almost cried. its about a big fan writin letters to slim. then he kills himself from the shady not answerin him. and songs like DRUG BALLAD are good party songs with a cool beat. its just an all around great album. but u are sensitive about lyrics.... then.be cautious. but what the heck! buy it any way!
 B000AA7B4I-161 POSITIVO  Slim shady has done it again with a lyrical explostion packed in this single disc! He has shown his strong feelings on freedom of speech, busting out with non-stop offensive rhymes objectionable to anyone and everyone. But also in this album, he has shown he is maturing as times go on learning how his fans reactions are so strong toward him and there are times to take things serious. Stan is a track that shows this extremely well. Personal favorites are 2,3,5,8,10,11,15 and 18. As you can see Im hooked on this lp. Go get it. Peace out.
 B000AA7B4I-162 POSITIVO  Eminem is one of the most outspoken rappers of this era. His lyrics are a mixture of anger, contempt over the world, sadness, despair, and, this may sound bizarre, whit. His lyrics are filled with dark humor. His lyrics are very controversial, but hip-hop is about expression, and that's what Eminem does best. My favorite tracks are &quot;Kill You&quot; and &quot;The Way I Am&quot;; they're very controversial and outspoken. I also like &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; and &quot;I'm back.&quot; You don't have to agree with Eminem, but you have to give credit where credit is due. He speaks truth without apology, and truth is a rare commodity these days.
 B000AA7B4I-163 POSITIVO  Lyrical genius, one of the best rap albums of the decade. Eminem at his finest.
 B000AA7B4I-164 POSITIVO  eminem is back to destroy all you sucka mcs. for those of you who hate on him cause his white y`all just jealos.
 B000AA7B4I-165 POSITIVO  I find Eminem to be one of the coolest rappers out there! People are often offended by his lyrics but I must say, 99% of what he says is true. Listen to the lyrics to the song &quot;Who Knew&quot;. He makes some pretty decent points. I think if you listen to this CD with an open mind you will realize that he is only trying to SELL A RECORD, he doesn't mean any harm! You will also realize that he is unbelieveably funny and I guarantee that will get a kick out of all his songs! ... keep up the good work eminem! Mathers, &quot;Bitch Please II&quot; (featuring Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg and Xzibit), &quot;Under The Influence&quot; and &quot;Criminal&quot;. If you like funny lyrics, original hiphop, heavy beats or just like originality: YOU HAVE TO OWN IT. If you don't like those things: BUY IT ANYWAY.
 B000AA7B4I-166 POSITIVO  Well, he's back, crazier then ever and pushing his 1st amendment rights to the limit. Favorites were Kill you, Stan, The Real Slim, Marshall Mathers, B**** Please II and Criminal. I didn't really like the guest rappers except Dre and co, seems like they just couldn't keep up. For the strangest reason, this CD helps me relax when I'm angry, weird huh? Don't have the Shady lp, but looks like I might get it now. This is a really good CD.WARNING: ... This is ... NOT a CD for people who take thing seriously. ...o, please wear rubber gloves.ul.5.) Who Knew - This one is about how he didn't know that kids would do what he says.6.) Steve Berman (skit) - A skit about a meeting with record executive Steve Berman.7.) The Way I Am - Explains why he acts how he acts.8.) The Real Slim Shady - The first single off the album. Says he is the true Slim Shady and everyone who claims to be are just imitating.9.) Remember Me? (ft. RBX &amp; Sticky Fingaz) - The first track to include guest rappers. About how he is still rapping and won't leave.10.) I'm Back - One of my favorites, a song that proves he's back for more dissing.11.) Marshall Mathers - The track that is flourishing with dirty comments about 'NSYNC, Britney Spears, ICP and others.12.) Ken Kaniff (skit) - The nastiest, most obscence track on the LP. A encounter with the oral pleasures between Ken Kaniff and the Insane Clown Posse.13.) Drug Ballad - About how the press is all up in his face.14.) Amityville (ft. Bizarre) - The ode to his hometown, Detroit.15.) Bitch Please II (ft. Dre, Snoop, Xzibit &amp; Nate Dogg) - The sequel to the original track on Snoop Dogg's &quot;Top Dogg.&quot; Features blazing appearances by Dre &amp; Snoop.16.) Kim - The most disturbing track on the album. This one is about killing his girlfriend (now wife) Kim Scott. This was originally titled &quot;Bitch So Wrong.&quot;17.) Under the Influence - The catchiest hook provides that if you don't his music, you can suck his d##k.18.) Criminal - The final track is about when he says he wants to kill someone, everyone thinks he will.Well, this has been a brief breakdown of the latest release from Eminem, &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP.&quot; If you love rap, you should definitely cop this. But if you like all that teeny bopper s##t, DON'T BUY IT!
 B000AA7B4I-167 POSITIVO  This is an excellent cd. It contains a little bit less of the humor of his first album and more hard core rap. The cd does live up to expectations following his Slim Shady LP, possibly the best rap album of all time. It does this because expectations were not on the same level as slim shady. It is almost as good, but not quite. Dr. Dre mixes 10 of the 14 songs, all of them excellent. Eminem mixes the other 4, of which half are the only dissapointments on the album. These are dissapointments because he chose to include d-12, his childhood friends and newly signed group to shady records, who appear to have no skill and hes just doin them a favor. So, if you are a fan of eminem, and you want to add to your collection, buy this cd. For one of the best, possibly THE BEST rap cds of all time, go with his original, the slim shady lp.
 B000AA7B4I-168 POSITIVO  i think this is great cd. eminem is a great artsit and i love him. i think he really expresses his feelings on this record.... i love u eminem! jess
 B000AA7B4I-169 POSITIVO  Hey everyone, you gotta get this new CD! It was well worth the wait. The Slim Shady LP was an awesome record, and his second LP is just as good and if not better. Stan is one of the first tracks on his new CD, and it's about a die hard fan who writes Eminem letters, and realizes that Eminem has no time to write back. At first, Stan thinks that he wrote the addresses wrong, but then he gets upset when Eminem doesn't write back because he put the addresses on them perfectly. Later, he goes to describe things in his life, and I'm not going to give a description of the rest of the album. It's a wonderful record!
 B000AA7B4I-170 POSITIVO  This is one of the most well written and well produced rap CD's that I have heard in a long time. Over 1/2 of the tracks are excellent and 3/4 of them are listenable. That is a HUGE accomplishment in today's single driven music industry. The production values of Dre and Melman are second to none and Eminem's lyrics are both humorous and cutting at the same time. If you don't have it, BUY IT. It is the best from this artist to date.
 B000AA7B4I-171 POSITIVO  At first i thougth he was going to be a 1 hit wonder. But he has alot to say, makes me wonder if his childhood was rougth. The only thing is the man can't his messages or lyrics without a curse after each word, maybe it's a way of stunning the young masses into buying his cd's. But, for the first time i saw editted cd's, so now i can get my 12 year old bro his cd's without my moms worrieing if the cd is to much for him. Thanks amazon!
 B000AA7B4I-172 POSITIVO  ok, for all you people who take everything serious and get offended by the littlest thing...this is not for you, try maybe....backstreet boys. but for the rest of you, you need this cd. eminem's raps are a little twisted but that's what makes it so good. all music doesn't reflect the good points of society, and in this case, he even makes it funny. overall this cd has a great beat and catchy hooks. this cd is great and yes he talks about killing people, drugs, sex...(ya know the same things we hear everyday on the news) so what is the big deal about it being in music anyway? if you don't get offended, have a sense of humor and like good music this cd is for you. if you are one of those &quot;other&quot; people why are you even looking on this page? you have heard enough about eminem to know what he's all about.
 B000AA7B4I-173 POSITIVO  this cd was either making me laugh , or making me wonder how twisted someone had to be to make it! but it was great , i think better than his first one , people can be so sensitive to stuff like eminem... :)
 B000AA7B4I-174 POSITIVO  After the rock-solid debut in 1998 of The Real Slim Shady, Eminem's back with another fine or his finest album yet, The Marshall Mathers LP. The album like his first one also disses some of the top celebrities including Christina Aguilera, Britney Spears (on the track "The Real Slim Shady") `N Sync and LFO. Nonetheless, Eminem proves to be an unequaled rapper with a penetrating grasp of language. The album is an exceptionally motivating album on domestic violence, star- worshipping, celebrity dom etc. The album has extremely descriptive lyrics which makes this album one of the best albums ever. Also, the humor, and the "realness" add to make him one of the most compelling artists. Like I said, this is probably one of the year's best albums.
 B000AA7B4I-175 NEUTRO  Hmmm...maybe Marshall Mathers should take a tip from the Southpark movie song &quot;It's Easy, Mmmkay.&quot; This album has way too much bad language on it &amp; insults every minority &amp; moral standard out there today. The only songs with any redeeming quality are &quot;Stan&quot; (possibly the best rap song I have ever heard) which displays what Mr. Mathers can do, songwriting-wise. It also contains the first verse of Dido's song &quot;Thank You&quot; as the chrous, boosting the songs emotional impact that much more. The song &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; is also excellent. It rips off some people, but is filled with at least SOME emotion other than a homicidal screaming man about to kill his wife. He almost sounds like he is about to burst into tears in &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; which displays his rapping ability. If you combined the elements of those two songs, you could very well have a good album. I've also hear some of his earlier stuff and it is way way better than the tripe on this album. Get rid of the f-word; every two seconds and put in something better and we'll be on our way.
 B000AA7B4I-176 NEGATIVO  This is one of the worst albums I have ever heard. The CD starts with the violent song &quot;kill you&quot; were Eminem talks about raping his mom. Then &quot;Stan&quot; a story about a fan who kills himself becuase Em won't wright him a letter. Then song 12 &quot;ken kenith&quot; it's basicly a three man orgy (witch made me feel sick). Song 16 the prequil to &quot;97' bonie and clyde&quot;,&quot;kim&quot; is about Em killing his wife (kimberly mathers). Criminal is just a use of profanity for no reason. I don't recomend this to anyone.
 B000AA7B4I-177 POSITIVO  I have to admit when I bought this album I was seriously skeptical. After all, what could a rich whiteboy rapper have to say? Boy am I glad I picked it up anyway.This album is loaded with great hits. With the exception of the ego boasting of &quot;kill you&quot;, this is a great album. It's angry and its filled with all the hatred you can imagine.This isn't meant for kids. even though he says he &quot;makes albums for high school kids&quot;. He seethes with anger at every opportunity.The anger stems from the sudden fame and the impressions people have of him. He may be rich and white but he still sees the problems of the world. Listen to &quot;the Way I Am&quot; and you' never dismiss him again.
 B000AA7B4I-178 POSITIVO  I can't tell you if i like it or hate it. I have had it for 2 months and i still don't know. Some parts are funny. Some parts way to extreme. what is going on with slimy. WORD OF CAUTION DO NOT LET ANYONE UNDER 18 LISTEN TO THIS.
 B000AA7B4I-179 NEUTRO  On this LP, slim trys a lot of things and the production of this album helps to push these ideals and beleifs along, the problem is, he never really says that much despite being brutlally honest about things, and when he does say something interesting and insightful, you can't really ever take it too seriously, after all he doesen't. But once you get past the lyrics which are at times too overwhelming for the average listener, everyone can appreciate the excellent production work Dr dre has done on this album, the bass is populsive and in your face, the melodies played on the keyboards create quite an amazing soundscape and the feeling of rhythm and timing on this album is second to none.Despite slims attempts at times being somewhat flawed by the fact he is trying to be almost too honest there are times when what he does say really does hit home. Stan for me is the song that makes this album. The lyrics are very good and does give the message quite clearly that you have to take everything slim says with a pinch of salt, the emotion in the song feels genuine and the tragic end is something that could haunt you. Hovever, as sophmore efforts go this is pretty good, but i think slim needs to find his own voice somewhat, we now know a lot about him and it's time for him to talk about something beyond his own mind in order to gain a wider audience. But still, nice work slim!
 B000AA7B4I-180 POSITIVO  this cd is the best. eminem contiues to keep up the good work. it is a great cd and u will get your moneys worth.i recommend if you are in doubt to buy it. trust me.
 B000AA7B4I-181 POSITIVO  It goes without saying this is one of the best rap/any genre albums of all time. And I would have for sure of given this item 5/5 stars, but unlike most of the double LPs I own, the sleeve doesn't fold open. Although there is an insert with some album art that is different from the original CD version and each Record has a different picture in the center. Great buy all-in-all!
 B000AA7B4I-182 POSITIVO  My grandson loves this CD as does my son. The CD came without scratches and has awesome sound and songs.
 B000AA7B4I-183 POSITIVO  i already had the united states version but i had to get this for the kids,a great piece for any eminem collector
 B000AA7B4I-184 POSITIVO  This amazing Eminem CD was all someone could ask for!! It was new and in great condition & the packaging was very assuring. It's a great album and i really recommend it.
 B000AA7B4I-185 POSITIVO  Eminem is my one of my favorite rappers and this is his best album to date. It includes some of the best rap songs ever recorded including The Way I Am and Bitch Please II. Nonetheless there is only one song on this album that is not that good (Drug Ballad) and every single other song is perfect. The album flows perfectly together and is lyrically incredible. Most people thought Eminem was going to hit a sophomore slump but this blows his first album away. Every beat is perfect... every rhyme is unique and every featured artist does an awesome job. I can't express enough my love for this album except to say that it can't be beat. All his albums are great but I just wish they were all THIS great.
 B000AA7B4I-186 POSITIVO  looks like he likes to sing! He sings about life and like cool stuff like that!!!!! why is the typing so far a part? by, tim nelson.
 B000AA7B4I-187 POSITIVO  Eminem is a master of word play. Sticking to rhythmic placement of syllables and diction. Marshall pulls another trick out of his bags of wonder. Try it. Try to do what Eminem does. Try using the sentences that he uses behind the beats of the modern world. You won't be able to do it. Let him master the music, you sit back and listen.
 B000AA7B4I-188 POSITIVO  As a kid, I used to hate this album for its lyrical references to violence. Now things changed. The Marshall Mathers LP features brilliant beats. This album made a spot in the Guinness Book of World Records since it became the fastest selling solo album ever with nearly an astounding 1.8 million sold in its first week, and it went on to sell 19 million worldwide (Wikipedia). It's #302 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. The songs "The Real Slim Shady," "Stan," and "The Way I Am" were singles, but the tracks "Kill You," "Who Knew," "Remember Me," "Drug Ballad," and "B**** Please II" have beats that will entice you.
 B000AA7B4I-189 POSITIVO  This is FAR better than his first album! Especially the 16th track, "Kim". That is better than "Bonnie & Clyde". Anyway, I would recommend this CD to anyone.
 B000AA7B4I-190 POSITIVO  It's hard to know what to make of Eminem, even if you know that half of what he says is sincere and half is a put-on; the trick is realizing that there's truth in the joke, and vice versa. Many dismissed his considerable skills as a rapper and social satirist because the vulgarity and gross-out humor on The Slim Shady LP were too detailed for some to believe that it was anything but real. To Eminem's credit, he decided to exploit that confusion on his masterful second record, The Marshall Mathers LP. Eminem is all about blurring the distinction between reality and fiction, humor and horror, satire and documentary, so it makes perfect sense that The Marshall Mathers LP is no more or no less &quot;real&quot; than The Slim Shady LP. It is, however, a fairly brilliant expansion of his debut, turning his spare, menacing hip-hop into a hyper-surreal, wittily disturbing thrill ride. It's both funnier and darker than his debut, and Eminem's writing is so sharp and clever that the jokes cut as deeply as the explorations of his ruptured psyche. The production is nearly as evocative as the raps, with liquid bass lines, stuttering rhythms, slight sound effects, and spacious soundscapes. There may not be overpowering hooks on every track, but the album works as a whole, always drawing the listener in. But, once you're in, Eminem doesn't care if you understand exactly where he's at, and he doesn't offer any apologies if you can't sort the fact from the fiction. As an artist, he's supposed to create his own world, and with this terrific second effort, he certainly has. It may be a world that is as infuriating as it is intriguing, but it is without question his own, which is far more than most of his peers are able to accomplish at the dawn of a new millennium.
 B000AA7B4I-191 POSITIVO  Some people think that The Slim Shady LP was better than this album, but I have to disagree. Both were very good albums but I give this one a slight edge. Em's lyrics, while controversial, are meaningful on most of the tracks, which is nice to see nowadays. He has a nice mix of songs that make you think and songs that make you laugh. The Eminem Show seemed to be an album that was the beginning of the process of turning Eminem into a completely commercialized artist, which I would hate to see happen. Em is at his best when he is talking about what really means something to him, and I hope he continues to do that and not make songs to win Grammys or be on MTV.My 3 Favorite Tracks:StanUnder The InfluenceRemember Me?
 B000AA7B4I-192 POSITIVO  If you dont get the urge to rap from listining to his albums your down right insain. straight off the bat icp insain clown posse is for a bunch of freaking clowns aka chalks get a life listin to the realist artist ever. you have to gutts to spit stuff like he does nearly on every song dissing some other artist in the industry. just like my man Tupac now dont get me wrong he is no tupac by anymeans but he is as close as we will ever see again. i have and own every eminem tupac dre and 50 cent album made and they never ever get old. if someone in your family is a lover of rap as i am stop and get him one of eminems great albums.WESTSIDE FOREVER
 B000AA7B4I-193 POSITIVO  wow... i got this cd back on the first day it came out... its still a cd i listen to on a regular basis. yo DAVID im 15 my mom likes eminem ... i still listen to him. but i can agree eminem gets to overplayed on mtv thats the reason for most his friends. i bet you never heard eminem's nail in the coffin, the sauce, quitter, hit em up (d12 remix) invasion, conspiracy, hail mary 2003, bump heads. i could go on for ever. this cd came closest to all of those tracks. eminem isnt to different from your black rapper except for his commercial songs. this is eminem's best album. the best songs are criminal, stan, amityville, b!tch please 2, and drug ballad. I highly recommend you buy this cd and also look for any nyc mixtapes with the name DJ Green Lanturn on it (thats eminem's dj), thats where he shows his more &quot;gangsta&quot; side. Im Out Pcze - Joe
 B000AA7B4I-194 POSITIVO  Eminem's sophomore album dropped like a hydrogen bomb on the world in 2000: I remember back in the day when everything was about Eminem, endless conversations started about his lyrical prowess, his "hate crimes", whether he was serious about his gay-bashing, his personal problems. The album may not be perfect, some of the songs are lame and tired gangsta retreats, but when Em is on, he is On. His rhyme skills are almost unparalleled in the field of commercial hip-hop, and he has proved since this album that he is more than a one-trick pony. Rhymes such as those in "Stan" "Who Knew" "The Way I Am" and "Marshall Mathers" are simply brilliant. It is a tumultous record and it's hard to keep your ears away from it. Love him or hate him, you must have this album.
 B000AA7B4I-195 POSITIVO  Some of the reviewers on here are hilarious. They give the record one half-hearted listen and are &quot;outraged&quot;.I think this is easily Eminem's best album. There is a dark undertone in it that sets it apart from the others. While &quot;Slim Shady&quot; is great, it is definitely a debut, and not too mature, and &quot;The Eminem Show&quot;, although also strong, is a little more commercial and uncomfortably polished compared to the &quot;Marshall Mathers LP&quot;.Honestly, this is one of the CDs that got me into rap.
 B000AA7B4I-196 POSITIVO  Eminem is one of the greatest rappers of our time. He is amazing. If you were to buy buy one of his cd's buy the marshal mathers lp it is inspiring and i would recommend to anyone who is not gay, old or your parents.
 B000AA7B4I-197 POSITIVO  ok well i am a big Eminem fan and i think that he is a very talented person to be able to write and then rap/sing/say his own lyrics i think it is also unfair how he has to keep proveing him self to the world if people dont like him then why do they insist on makeing a big deal out of it..ya know where i come from if ya dont like something ya keep it to ya self and ya dont go nuts and turn every body against it not that any one could but if you dont like his music dont listen to it and dont complain read me i sad DONT! not do but DONT ok? so from now on stop fussing over it and stick to your own music that you do like and dont complain about what other people like ok??thanx
 B000AA7B4I-198 POSITIVO  i really like this. though i have to take off one star becausethey butchered this cd. they even took off one track . so that made it stupid . though with the great rap that was a very small price to pay. the song that they took off was kim abrutal violent tale of em murdering his girlfriend. on the uncut kim is number 16 on the cut they took it off and replaced it with the kids whats funny about this song is that the kids sound like the kids from south park. see ya tater.
 B000AA7B4I-199 POSITIVO  Eminem is unbelievable. His skill with words, his anger and his passion are all revealed in this album. I loved the Slim Shady LP, but this CD is out of this world.The amazing thing about this album is Eminem's ability to let us into his world. The album covers the emotional spectrum. The heart renching cut &quot;Stan&quot; shows Eminem's sympathetic side while the track &quot;the way I am&quot; demonstrates his anger.I hope that Eminem continues to make records, because this CD restored my faith in rap.
 B000AA7B4I-200 POSITIVO  My god ! I thought I was going to be dissappointed with this cd because I thought it wouldn't live up to the first one but I was wrong! It was da BEST cd ever . My favorite songs would have to be Kim , Stan , and Marshal Mathers . He is who he is , and people look down on him because he says it how it is . I think he's got more nerve then anyone in the music industry right now . He's da bomb !
 B000AA7B4I-201 POSITIVO  With this album Eminem is on top of the world. Dre and Mel-Man take care of the producin and beats. It is a winning combination. If you don't have this album get it A.S.A.P.
 B000AA7B4I-202 POSITIVO  This cd is great. Even though some people might be all over him because of his lyrics and the content of the album. I say you guys dont' know a great lyricist when you hear one. Even though his words are sick, they are great. They tell a story in every song, and you can feel his emotions through his music. This cd is a definite buy for anyone who loves rap music.
 B000AA7B4I-203 POSITIVO  His sophmore effort for Aftermath is an excellent follow-up to The Slim Shady LP. He makes jokes about some of the touchiest subjects in America: Versaci's death, Christopher Reeves, Columbine HS(censored out), Sonny Bono's death, and especially the rumors about Christina Aquilera. The best track on this album is not &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; much to teeny-boppers dismay. Marshall Mathers, I'm Back, Kill You, and Criminal are all much better. This is a must have album for all hardcore music fans.
 B000AA7B4I-204 POSITIVO  This cd flows like WHOA! Nothing compares. It will make you laugh it will make you think. Best songs: Stan, I'm Back, and The Real slim shady. Kim might be a little disgusting, but it also tells a story with much emotion. A must have for any rap fan
 B000AA7B4I-205 POSITIVO  This Eminem cd is far better than his first cd The Slim Shady LP. I Love it. Thank God For Dr. Dre. Dre and Eminem are 2 of the best rappers out today next to Snoop Dog and Master P.
 B000AA7B4I-206 POSITIVO  Eminem has had his best work. I think this record will sell more than ever. His outward going attitude and &quot;just don't give&quot; makes his work excellent.
 B000AA7B4I-207 POSITIVO  One of the most outstanding albums ever released! trust me, this album is for people who like aggressive rap. The explicit lyrics steal the show! MNM shows his real class in this album. He shows how he is one hell of a maniac rapper. With good lyrics, and good rhymes, this CD with out a doubt is the best hip-hop CD released this year. To end, I have only one thing to say, that is JUST BUY IT!
 B000AA7B4I-208 POSITIVO  If you only know Eminem for &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, then approach the album with caution. Don't go out and buy this album expecting every song to be like the one just mentioned, because they aren't. Also, anyone who likes a lot of pop, or is a die-hard Will Smith fan, then don't buy the record without listening to it first. If, however, you can handle his verbal antics, or if you've liked him since the Infinite LP, then by all means run out and buy it right away. Now, on to the music, well, it's pretty damn ill. This kid cements his place in the hall of fame as one of the nicest lyricists to come out of Detroit, hell, the whole damn country. Songs like &quot;Kill You&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; show the things that this kid can rip on a mic, and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; shows his twisted viewpoints on the boy/girl bands. It's all gravy, quite basically, so if you like tight lyricists, or if you can respect a skilled MC, then run out right now and steal this album.
 B000AA7B4I-209 POSITIVO  Eminem's new album the Marshall Mathers LP might be more intense than his last album the Slim Shady LP, but he still speaks the truth. On this album, he disses out artists like Christina Aguilera, Insane Clown Posse, Puff Daddy, Will Smith, Britney Spears, and all those bubblegum boy bands, putting them in their place. The most spine-tingling track on the album is KIM, with his violent screams and antics that make you listen to him like you ain't never heard him before. If you liked his first album, you absolutely must get this one. He definately is the real slim shady, and there's a little in all of us.
 B000AA7B4I-210 POSITIVO  I exepected this album to be like most of the other sophomore products in the rap game: Worst than the first. Well I was dead wrong. &quot;Stan&quot; would agree with me that Eminem did a much better job on this album than he did on &quot;The Slim Shady&quot;. Most songs are very dark but great and he attempts to let everyone who didn't get it the first time that that's &quot;The way I am&quot;. He won't change, he will keep on being Eminem, just like Tupac kept on being Tupac, no matter how hard they criticize him. Let's see how the public react to his sophomore soon-to-be classic!
 B000AA7B4I-211 POSITIVO  Even though many people don't like Eminem for his "negitive" messages one still has to admit that he is great at presenting them. I personally have no problem with Eminem but of course I can see why some might. I however view Eminem as a great artist not because of what he says but how he says it. Many people before him and many after him will talk about the same things but so few will ever have the talent to put it together like he has managed to do.
 B000AA7B4I-212 POSITIVO  Anybody who disses this CD does not know the first thing about hip hop. I mean this guy just tells it how it is, he aint holding nothing back. This is one of those you can bump in your ride all day.
 B000AA7B4I-213 POSITIVO  Much has been made of the outlandish suggestions and filthy language that Eminem has made his trademark. There will be a fair amount of people who simply can't get past this stuff to get to the talent that Mr. Mathers displays on his second album.The beats are strong, and his writing, while crude, crass and offensive, inspires thought. You may hate it, but it will make you think.He talks about fame, about how much of an influence he is (or isn't on kids) and gets more than his share of craziness in as well.The dark &quot;Stan&quot; is by far the hardest hitting album about an obsessed fan. The music haunts and the lyrics are chilling.Like him or not, Eminem has written a significant chapter to the rap book and is one of the most talented writers and performers in the business today.... most of the album is not of the radio/MTV single variety, but it's one of the few albums I would consider a &quot;must have.&quot;
 B000AA7B4I-214 POSITIVO  After hearing &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot; and &quot;GuiltyConscience&quot; I was intrigued about Eminem. I could only affordone CD and I debated between &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; and &quot;Dr. Dre 2001.&quot; Why couldn't the two tracks be included on ONE CD instead of two? It was so frustrating that I ended up at a stalemate. I didn't get either. Then the song &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; came out. I counted the days until the release of &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP.&quot; &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; is undoubtedly the best track, but most of the others are good and the &quot;Public Service Announcement 2000&quot; is hilarious. I love Eminem's honesty. He raps about what he believes in. The second track, I forgot its name, really shows feeling although it's &quot;masked&quot; by profanity. His duets with other hiphop/rappers are also a success. &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Remember Me&quot; were both good. His little skits are fun breaks from the constant profanity and sexual references. I suppose one could buy the edited version but it wouldn't portray HIM. HE is in his original version . . .
 B000AA7B4I-215 POSITIVO  This CD is excellent. The Marshall Mathers LP is much more entertaining than the Slim Shady LP because the beats improved and also the lyrical content was made much more interesting. This is one of the first cd's where I can play the whole thing through without having to skip that many tracks. If you are an EMinem fan or even a hard-core rap fan this cd will probably be a good buy for you, but if strong language offends you, you might want to listen to it the first time with open ears. Once again this is a great rap cd.
 B000AA7B4I-216 POSITIVO  Wow! Truly an amazing CD! If you are looking for more after Slim Shady this will definitely not disappoint you. Songs like What I am, Stan, Kim, and Criminal are brilliant. The whole CD is excellent though.
 B000AA7B4I-217 POSITIVO  The best CD I have ever heard since Makaveli the 7 day theory Every song should be listened to carefully I especially like the song called Stan, and the way I am you could feel what he is going through and the song stan is just plain sad...
 B000AA7B4I-218 POSITIVO  I like his stuff. He has very creative rhymes, and an original style. However, I don't like it when musical artist sing about other famous people. Ok, so you know Dr. Dre, Fred Durst, Carson Daily, Christina Aguilera and every other person in the world. Bid deal. His songs are not very deep either. But I still like em for some twisted reason. Sadistic I guess.
 B000AA7B4I-219 POSITIVO  There are few songs that are just WACK. Out of the 18 tracks here, I like about 12 of them. This is MUCH better than his first album, in my opinion. The lyrics are incredibly funny. However, after the funny lyrics, he has little substance, and he doesnt have too many songs with deep poignant meaning. Still, if you want to be entertained with twisted as scenerios and thumpin beats, pick up this album.....
 B000AA7B4I-220 POSITIVO  This CD is a shot of real life. Even if it is not his world, he speaks for people who have had some of the same experiences. As for those with no sense of humor well follow the advice at the end of track 8.
 B000AA7B4I-221 POSITIVO  This album is by far the best I've heard. I just want to say to all those who get offended by it then put ear plugs on, Eminem is real and he tells it like it is. He lets out his anger and frustration in a song which is better then taking drugs when you're upset. Well, for those of you who don't have it, you should go out and buy it. Eminem is PHENOMENAL!
 B000AA7B4I-222 POSITIVO  What can I say? This guy has more talent than I might have guessed from listening to the first album. Some of the songs haunt me. Kim and Stan particularly. Anyways this guys third album is going to be real good Id think. this album was better than the first.
 B000AA7B4I-223 POSITIVO  yea....eminem is pop but he still can make a nice song.i enjoyed it a lot.the only complaint is he didnt rhyme as good as he did on the slim shady lp and wasnt as funny.but still rhymed crazy!id reccomend to anyone.
 B000AA7B4I-224 POSITIVO  This is as I said before the best example of Modern Day Rap yet! That is until his next CD comes out! Eminem is the best rapper known today! This CD did not have one song on it that was bad! i must put my very best compliments in for &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;! These are the best songs of Modern Day Rap period!
 B000AA7B4I-225 NEUTRO  I think this LP is a little better than his first but not much. It is very similar in ways how he talks about killing everybody and thats about all he talks about. If you liked his first LP you will really like this one, I'm just not the biggest fan.
 B000AA7B4I-226 NEUTRO  Eminem took a lot of heat for his first release, The Slim Shady LP, over it's graphic, half-parody, half-realistic lyrical content, which went everywhere from funny social commentary to graphic descriptions of dumping the mother of his child in a lake. When an artist usually goes through this kind of attention, the usual move is to backpedal, and play it a little safer the next time around.This is completley not so with the Marshall Mathers LP. From the opening Public Service 2000 track, where Eminem and his narrator repeadetly find ways of telling the listener that he doesn't [care] what they think of the forthcoming material. Perhaps this serves as forewarning to the over-the-top cuts on this album. Opening things off is 'Kill You', where Eminem reaffirms the troubles in his life and how sooner or later, he just might end up dead but don't mess with him, man, cause he'll take you down. Typical fare, done with a little more bite. Make that a lot more bite. Numerous tracks on the album follow suit, such as Marshall Mathers and Remember Me? Also thrown in are some ... interesting... story-songs like Stan (a highlight), a tale of a demented, obsessed fan, and the downright chilling 'Kim', where Eminem screams throughout the entire song at his girlfriend, finally ending in a bloodbath that ultimatley proves to be a mere prologue to '97 Bonnie and Clyde' from the Slim Shady LP.The Dr. Dre produced tracks are among the best, as expected. And the single 'The Real Slim Shady' is the most up-beat, accessible cut on the album, as well as being completley hilarious in content. But the rest of Marshall Mathers is dark, twisted, and sometimes downright frightening. Through it all, his innate rapping skill remains, despite his content, he truly is one of the most skilled rappers today.At the end of the album, once again, Em turns up to remind the listener that this was all just a joke. ...
 B000AA7B4I-227 POSITIVO  this is eminem at his best every song is worth listening this album is deep and a takes on a wild ride across marshall mathers life growing up. But besides that the songs are catchy and are very well produced with the help of dr. dre. If you are a eminem fan or just a hip hop fan this is a must buy!
 B000AA7B4I-228 POSITIVO  IF YOU LIKED THE SLIM SHADY LP, THAN YOUL LOVE THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP. EM PROVES THAT HE REALLY DOESNT [care], WITH SOME BUMPING BEATS IN THE BACKGROUND HE TEARS ARTISTS LIKE IT WAS NO THANG! NOBODY IS SAFE FROM THE WRATH OF EM. IF YOU LIKE N'SYNC AND BRITNEY'S MUSIC THAN DONT BOTHER BUYING IT BUT IF YOU WANT SOMETHING RAW AND REAL, THIS IS IT. YOU CANT GET MUCH MORE REAL THAN EM.BUY IT, BUMP IT, AND ENJOYne to try out for the Backdoor Boys. It's all about fame and $$$, and sorry Lamenem, but the pony you rode in on looks like the same one as the rest of those turkeys. Congrats Dre, this ho done you right.verage.12. Ken Kaniff (Skit):Kind of interesting,but not best on the c.d.13. Drug Ballad:Great song, if you're addicted to weed.14. Amityville:One of the best songs on the cd.15. Bitch Please II:Great rap song.16. Kim:Funny as hell. Great song.17. Under The Influence:Alright, but not best.18. Criminal:Pretty original song. Great to listen to. All in all, this cd may only have a couple of songs that stand out especially, but the vast majority of the songs you'll like a little.
 B000AA7B4I-229 POSITIVO  EMINEM is back with a HOT album that is just one cut below his debut joint which was almost perfect. from the 1st track, kill you, to the last, criminal, this cd has some tight lyrics and great chorus'. eminem sticks to his style which most artists dont and is more edgy and cunning in this album. he gets his message across and doesnt care what people think. this is a must have for any rap lover.
 B000AA7B4I-230 POSITIVO  Eminem is a great example of an artist who is not afraid to be himself and rap about what others want to hear and talk about. all artists know what there audience wants to hear, but are afraid to be rejected. Eminem is not afraid to rap and say what he feels. The things he says in his songs should not be taken seriously. He is just a rapper trying to please his audience. This cd has a great range of beates. He does not have the same kind of songs on it. You can honestly sit down, listen to the cd, and have each and every song please you. Eminem is a true artist, and he will be around for a long time to come.
 B000AA7B4I-231 POSITIVO  God, y'know if you people say &quot;His lyrics are sick and twisted-- he doesn't need so much swearing-- he just has to be like this in real life--&quot; Well, i don't see you coming out with a platnum album. Actually listen to the c.d. I mean really listen to it. He's not serious. He's expressing himself. and if you say &quot;this shouldn't even be released--&quot; then why don't you go on a protest? Huh? A protest against Freedom of speach? Or how about Freedom of press? Yeah, i didn't think you would.
 B000AA7B4I-232 POSITIVO  This cd is so funky!! I know some of you out there don't like Real slim shady so i'll keep this short. The song is so funky!!! I love it and I love The way i am. like, e-mail me if you want. From,
 B000AA7B4I-233 NEGATIVO  Unbelieveable. The Slim Shady Lp is probably the best CD I have right next to Three Dollar Bill Y'all, Limp Bizkit's first CD. But they both sold out terribly. I mean, just a look at the cover and you can tell he's gone lame. First off, he has a very sore throat on EVERY SINGLE SONG. Not good. Second, he cusses far too much. The song Marshall Mathers is totally unacceptable and now it makes me sick whenever I try to listen to this song. Third, the tunes of the songs are half baked. The song Kill You if half silence in the background and entirely silence in half the refrain. It's so stupid. Fourth, Eminem seems to have changed his funny style of music to a more serious and boring style. All of his lyrics are about hating boy bands, hating being famous, and how he doesn't care. His older CD had funny lyrics, some pointless, but the only really serious songs were If I Had and Rock Bottom. I didn't like If I Had, but at least Rock Bottom was conceived well and turned out good. The serious songs on here are....every song. It's lame. And last, his songs seem to keep getting stupider. The song Amityville has got to be the stupidest song I have ever heard in my life. I can't believe he made it. It's kind of like when Steve Berman says in the skit &quot;Change the record or it's not coming out.&quot; I agree with you all the way.
 B000AA7B4I-234 POSITIVO  A friend lent me this CD at work. Within 2 days I had to buy it. HAD TO. I'm not a rap fan. Poetry's actually more my thing, and folk music. But the rage and talent blend of these lyrics and beats is at once shocking, intoxicating, offensive (guilty conscience) . . . and madly addictive. I was actually looking forward to going to work so I could listen to this CD for 8-9 hours. A real shot of adrenaline for anyone with a dull, predictable life. Who won't admit, at some pissed-off point, to not wanting to turn one finger on each hard up? No one I know. It may not be for you, but it's demonstrably for millions of others, and for me. Heck, parents, your kids' vocabulary will benefit -- Em uses a lot of words they'll have to look up, and I'm not talking merely &quot;dirty&quot; ones. I can't wait for his third album.
 B000AA7B4I-235 POSITIVO  This is a must have cd for all of you witch don't have!
 B000AA7B4I-236 NEUTRO  this cd is funny but offensive. some strange words too. i sort of like think theres like better dudes to listen to. eminem is like all right you know but like hes not the only person in the world. on the radio they got cool music too. this cd is all right but like its like aaaaaaaaaaahh kill me pop pop this that blah blah blah blah its like so blah blah ahhhhhhhhaaahhh it gives you a head ache
 B000AA7B4I-237 POSITIVO  This album is probably Eminems best yet with its funky beats and fast flowing lyrics. This album should is an excellent example of free expression.
 B000AA7B4I-238 POSITIVO  This cd is a must have! It has great beats and good lyrics. Everyone is so eager to diss this rapper when all they do is read about him. You cannot take everything he says as for real, he is a comic rapper that has two great cd's.
 B000AA7B4I-239 POSITIVO  Slim Shady has done it again with an album filled of songs that help Eminem speak his mind. Although some people find his lyrics offensive, I find them to be relaxing, since someone is finally saying what we've all been thinking, but been too afraid to say.I love this album and listen to it almost non-stop! Anyone that has had a rough day should definatly buy this and put it on! It it makes you fell 100% better!
 B000AA7B4I-240 POSITIVO  This album is disgusting and hilarious at the same time! Here is a short summary on all my favorites: Kill You-Eminem was explaining how his mother told him that is father was evil and crazy, but when he grew up, he realized his mother is the crazy one. Stan-An obsessed fan, writing letters to Eminem, goes off, gets drunk, puts his pregnant girlfriend alive in the trunk and drives off a bridge into a river just because Eminem wouldn't write him back. When Eminem finally does write back, he mentions something he saw on the news and realizes that that was his obsessed fan, Stan. The Real Slim Shady-The biggest hit on the album, Marshall Mathers is just trying to say that even the people who walk, talk, and dress like him are just imatations, and that there is only one REAL Slim Shady. Marshall Mathers-A tribute to the boy/girl groups he loves to hate, such as Britney Spears, N'SYNC, Christina Aguilera, Jennifer Lopez, LFO, and others. Under The Influence- Just a funny tune. To tell you the truth, I don't know what this one means. Criminal-Here, Eminem is saying that if offending people and rapping about drugs and sex was a crime, he'd be a criminal. The reason why Eminem is one of my favorite rappers is because he's not afraid to express his inner feelings. He doesn't care about a critic's opinion or a Grammy, he's just trying to tell people how he thinks, no matter how screwed-up it is. In my opinion, I think Eminem has really matured a lot since The Slim Shady LP. This album is a lot better than The Slim Shady LP, and that album is hard to top. I must warn everyone that if you take everything seriously or are easily offended, do NOT buy this album. Otherwise, I think everyone should buy this. This album proves that Eminem really IS the real Slim Shady
 B000AA7B4I-241 POSITIVO  I have bever really liked rap, but Eminem has allowed me to tollerate it. Unlike the typical gang member rapper who TALKS about the same od thing every time, Eminem sends a message in his work. Each song becomes more and more powerful, with the most moving being the song Stan. It also contains some very funny humor, which adds to the enjoyment. Although I dont think this is good for kids, I stringly recomend this to any music fan. Buy it, you wont regret it.
 B000AA7B4I-242 POSITIVO  This has to be the defining point of Eminem's short but meterotic rise to hip-hop fame. He is able to use the production talent known as Dre as well as his own great artistic talent to create a work that shows his disgust with fame and music. He takes shots at everyone from his mother ... to the boy bands and blonde teenage girl singers, especially Christina Aguilera because of some comments she made in her &quot;What a Girl Wants Special&quot;. He does not take a flattering look at homosexuality with songs like &quot;Criminal&quot;. He also gives us a look at how it is to be an influence to people all over the world in tracks such as &quot;Who Knew&quot;, &quot;kills&quot; his producer at numerous times in the album, and gives the corporate estabolishment the collective finger throughout the album. There is the anger of the track &quot;Kim&quot;, where he vents about certain events that have happened between them in the past. What rises above all of this is his heart and tracks like &quot;Stan&quot; where he sheds his &quot;Slim Shady&quot; persona to reveal a heart of gold. His talent for rhyming and making words flow to create a clear message for each song is great; he probably could be a poet if he were not a world-famous rapper. This album is proof positive that Em will be around for a very long time.
 B000AA7B4I-243 POSITIVO  This cd has a ton of great songs and it carrys a truckload of great beats. I was not a fan of rap until eminem started making music. He is the greatest and I think that this is another one of those cd's that everyone should pick up and jam to this summer.
 B000AA7B4I-244 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP was very impressive. If you want to pick up a hip-hop CD to bump in your car or something, this is the thing to pick up. It has GREAT tracks, almost every single track on the CD is my favorite. You probably will never want to keep on hitting the &quot;skip track&quot; button again, heh.. Awesome album!
 B000AA7B4I-245 POSITIVO  Is this the dopest CD to come out in a long time or what! I mean Slim Shady has it's high points, but Marshall Mathers was just warming up. This sophmore release has a much more serious side to it and feels as if alot more of his true thoughts are displayed. Tracks like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; are high points that will blow your freakin' mind and the rest of the CD is just as good. As most of you Eminem fans did on Eminem Tuesday, GO BUY THIS CD!
 B000AA7B4I-246 POSITIVO  THIS IS THE BEST CD EVER! THE BEST TRACKS ON THIS CD ARE STAN AND THE REAL SLIM SHADY. WHY ARE U SITTING HERE READING THIS GO OUT AND BUY IT! HURRY! ONCE AGAIN BEST CD EVER!
 B000AA7B4I-247 POSITIVO  I've been listening to the CD for a few weeks now and I finally picked up the final album when it came out today. The song &quot;Stan&quot; paints a vivid picture with the use of eerie samples and storytelling. &quot;Kim&quot; and other songs are filled with Eminem's fury, showing rare true emotion behind the music, and &quot;The Way I Am&quot; is simply one of the best rap songs I've heard in recent times, even using poetic devices in its very unique style. Eminem has revived his entire genre from the shallow, texture lacking likes of Master P and Sisqo. He's the best rap lyricist since Tupac Shakur. I could not give this a better recommendation... if you enjoy hip-hop at all, this is a must buy.
 B000AA7B4I-248 POSITIVO  You have probably heard by now that Eminem is one of today's most talented rappers, well its true. THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP is probably his best album, and instead of boring you with long words, I'll get straight to the point. For all parents, this is by far Eminem's most dark and disturbing album, so keep that in mind when little Eric takes it off the shelf and asks you to buy it. Though it may be brutal, it is a pure work of art, and beutifully crafted by a master of his craft. It will move you, make you think, and laugh out load, few rappers accomplish this fun facter these days. Listen to the samples of these songs on Amazon to see what I mean.
 B000AA7B4I-249 NEUTRO  the marshall mathers LP has good beats but the lyrics are twisted as with the Slim Shady LP. Eminem does just want the attention(negative or not)it sells albums. Glad i bought this used for little $$.
 B000AA7B4I-250 POSITIVO  So here is my outlook on Em's best CD:All the tracks are a work of lyrical art, and all deserve to get 11 out of 10 stars. I made the following list in order of my favorite tracks(no skits on this list, though PSA 2000 is hilarious):1:Stan: this song is an original masterpiece. Needs to be heard to be beleived!2:Criminal:Em has about 7 different voices in this track. Funny, fast, and has a cool bank robbing scene.3:The Way I Am:Emotional view into Marshall's feelings.4:The Real Slim Shady:Funny, insulting, and has an odd beat.5:Amityville: A real gangsta style beat and Bizzare from D12 make this track stand out.6:Remember Me:I can't figure out why people bash this song so much. The guest rappers are pretty good and it is such a cool song.7:Who Knew?:Eminem explains how much of a surprise that Stan did what he did.8:Kill You:A semi-offensive song uless you take it with a grain of salt like your supposed to.9:Bi*** Please 2:Snoop is great in this song, along with Dre, Xzibit, and Nate Dogg, and of course the highlight, Eminem.10:Marshall Mathers:Em tells you how no one cared about him until he got famous.11:I'm Back:Slim's back and ready for action with a chorus of children's voices.12:Drug Ballad:A good party beat make this a great song.13:Under the Influence:Shady is rapping a song he wrote when he was high, and if you don't like it, he has something to tell you! Featuring D12.14:Kim:An emotionally charged song that is fairly scary.There you have it. find it, rip it open, and enjoy!
 B000AA7B4I-251 NEGATIVO  I have both versions of this CD. I was just curious about the editing on this. I'm not offended by so-called "bad" language, but here's the problem with it:The Marshall Mathers LP was protested against for it's homophobic and misogynistic lyrics. So in their haste, the editors made a clean version of this CD) The homophobic part was dealt with mostly (they took out ... ), but they left in ... in most places. If you listen to "Kill You" you will notice that in the beginning of the first verse, the words ... ... are not edited. ok so far. but then, it seems like the editors have just given up on that; there are way too many of these words for them to keep up with. All thru the rest of the album, those words are heard. However, most of the edited stuff are references to guns (glock, mack 11, even the word "gun", etc.) violence, drugs, etc.I actually think that the editors were more worried about editing "The Real Slim Shady" more than anything else. You don't hear any swearing there. I don't know if it matters, but when he does the Will Smith diss, that's the only time you actually hear "bleep" sounds. That's all they cared about editing. As far as I'm concerned, the only thing that the kids wanted to hear from the album was "The Real Slim Shady". Another example of commercialism. After all, that song was being shoved down everyone's throat, that's all they would wanna listen to.I addition, not surprisingly, the song "Kim" was taken out of here. It was replaced by the South Park spoof "The Kids". To be honest, I haven't listened to the whole song through. Becuase that is edited, it's too hard to understand what he's talking about, making the track unappealing. I am aware that the song is on imports of this CD, but I don't wanna waste my time over it, so i'll forget about it.Speaking of South Park, you know they have that semi-humorous warning at the beginning before the theme song? It says "the content should not be viewed by anyone". Same here. If you don't like the sort of thing that you hear Eminem say, don't listen to him at all. Just get the unedited version and be happy, cuz you, my friend, will become a man. Not a ... who won't even listen to Godsmack just because it has a PA label on it. Grow up. get the original. It won't hurt. Trust me.Peace...
 B000AA7B4I-252 POSITIVO  Worthy follow up to the Slim Shady LP. In this disc, Em goes back to his roots in some tracks, but also talks about life now that he's made it. All the writing strength is still there, and the guy still flows great. Good raps:Stan - excellent, almost chilling, rap about the pyschology of an obsessed fan who progressively comes unglued when Em doesn't answer his fan mail right away. The chorus from Dido's tune is excellently woven into the rap. Very grim ending. Em's critics couldn't write anything this insightfulWho Knew - good, sarcastic examination of critics who blame music for some wacko's actions.The WAy I Am - Em gets off his chest frustrations of being famous and never getting a second's privacy from fans who never think maybe he likes to be let alone once in a while.The REal Slim Shady - very bouncy, catchy rhythm and lyrics. Got lots of radio and video playRemember Me? - hardcore rapl Em gets to yelling in it. Features other rappers. Very heavyI'm BAck - Em is back, again knocks/mocks people who blame him for others' actions. Kinda slow and slurry at times, like a record being draggedAmityville - very heavy, Em yelling in this one tooThe Kids - funny rap w/South Park references. Would be lighthearted, except people wind up meeting bad ends.Criminal - another rap aimed at people who blame Em for violence
 B000AA7B4I-253 POSITIVO  I have the import version with the music videos and the bonus tracks.The best songs are Kill You, Stan, Remember Me, Marshall Mathers, Amityville, Under The Influence, Criminal, and The Kids.
 B000AA7B4I-254 POSITIVO  Eminem's second album, The Marshall Mathers LP, is loved by many, and hated by many others! And that's well understood.I was one of those who hated it. But there's one thing I can't deny, and that is it has some really addictive beats that will make any hip-hop hater...love it!Eminem, or shall I say Marshall (or is it Slim Shady?), isn't ashamed of expressing his hatred towards his mother (extremely dysfunctional and sick), wife (perverse), homosexuals (I hate them too!), boy bands, the media, and more people. However, Dr Dre's production and Eminem's rhymes are infectious: the vicious The Way I Am, the creative Stan (a song about an obsessed fan), and the satirical The Real Slim Shady.Whether you agree with Eminem or not, The Marshall Mathers LP is classic hip-hop at its most rotten!RecommendedB-
 B000AA7B4I-255 POSITIVO  Ok Its December 2005 and IM STILL BUMPIN THIS CD! Ive owned it since 2000 but I thought I should mention instead of buying Curtain Call its a good album and all, all his pop hits what not This cd is his best work by far better than ENCORE better than Infinite, SlimShady LP, Its just good all the songs are fire! I mean Id bump this over Kayne West any day of the week Kayne is just played out, so isnt 50 man that guy just wore himself out. But If you must pick up a CD for the holidays look back at the THROW BACK THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP good CD and trust me will like it alot better than his so called GREATEST HITS ALBUM.
 B000AA7B4I-256 POSITIVO  I was back in high school when this album came out. I enjoyed listening to this album. It contains sick, twisted humor.Anyone with an open mind would appreciate this. Marshall Mathers' LP is the album that gave eminem a.k.a. slimshady credibilty as a song writer and rapper. Xzibit and Dr. Dre are one of the few artists who collaborated with marshall in this album.If you're easily offended, this aint for you.Loosen up and have fun. Cop this album
 B000AA7B4I-257 NEUTRO  I like all of eminems stuff. Glad they sell his used cds on here. cd plays just fine. No skipping.
 B000AA7B4I-258 POSITIVO  This album is my favorite release from Eminem. One year later and he releases another one! Almost every track on this album is more than great, except a few that are decent. I give Em props on this album because of his topics of rhymes, and for him not holding back.Lyrically, you'll like this album from Eminem, he was at the top of his game.Production is also very good, stand out beats to me were "Stan", "The Way I Am", "Remember Me?", "Marshall Mathers", "Amityville", "Criminal".Peace.My Top 5 Songs1.Kill You2.The Way I Am3.Marshall Mathers4.Kim5.Criminal
 B000AA7B4I-259 POSITIVO  I have had this CD for the longest time...its a MUST BUY! If you like rap, or even Eminem, buy this cd! My favorite songs are Marshall Mathers and Criminal...the lyrics are just so insane! You should listen to this cd (see above) and then buy it. Im telling you, this is a great work of art!
 B000AA7B4I-260 POSITIVO  I aint much of a rap fan but in Eminems case.. i DEFFINNATLY am!... I think this is probably his best work but some of his other stuffs alright too...best song on here 'The Real Slim Shady'
 B000AA7B4I-261 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP may be Eminem's best album. In this album, Eminem does more of the same, persay, but better. This album, with a darker, more depressing mood, shows no signs of weakness. Though strong, I find 'Kim' to have little to no ryming value on this album. Eminem basically starts out saying that he doesn't care what you think.My Picks on this album would be:Marshall MathersStanCriminalBitch Please III'm BackIn the song 'Marshall Mathers', Eminem explains the brutal truth that he doesn't want to have to through being famous.'Stan' depics a desressed fan who tries to write to Eminem, but to no avail. In the end, Stan, the writer, commits homicide and suicide while making a tape. The tape never gets out, because it goes over the bridge with Stan and his girlfriend. Eminem finally gets back, but realises he saw Stan's case on the new. This is one of his best songs, it depics his talent.'Criminal' is a twisted and funny song with true talent that shows as Eminem explains his grudge and life. (Kenneth M. Jackson "Kenn J."'s review)In 'Bitch Please II', Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit, Nate Dogg, and Eminem all rap about how strong they are and how their careers cause them to suffer. Pretty good lyrical value, including Snoop Dogg and Nate Dogg preforming the short, but nice chorus.In 'I'm Back' Eminem annouces his return, in a violent way. He descirbes how he claims to have gotten the name 'Slim Shady.' Regardless, he tells more about his life and drugs, true slim material.The rest of the album is also really well done. I'd recomend picking it up if you haven't already.5/5 Stars, #1 Eminem Album - AJ
 B000AA7B4I-262 NEUTRO  I think Eminem is a very good rapper but this album contains few well written, upbeat songs. For example Stan is more than six minutes and is literally&quot;talking&quot; not rapping. If you like The Slim Shady LP this will most likely come as a great dissapointment to you. The only songs that I really like are The Real Slim Shady and Kill You. In my opinion buying this CD was a big waste of money.
 B000AA7B4I-263 POSITIVO  a great follow up album, not quite the masterpiece of the slim shday LP but a quality album for all eminem fans to purchase. cuts like stan and marshall mathers are genius. we can only wonder if marshall mathers was left to produce an entire album on his own, forgetting the image that has been created for him, and focusing simply on lyrics and beats alone, what he may be capible of...
 B000AA7B4I-264 POSITIVO  I heard about Eminem and what I heard was sort of mixed. Some people like his hardcore rap while others aren't so sure. I wasn't knowing what to expect when I purchased the Marshall Mathers LP from Wherehouse Music. What I heard, I liked. His music has just got a certain rythem to it that a lot of people just can't refuse. Along with &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, he has really dramatic songs such as &quot;Stan&quot;, and &quot;Kim&quot;. Believe me, this CD is for mature people only, I wouldn't recommend you giving this CD a 10 year old kid by far. All in all, buy this CD, it is really worth it!
 B000AA7B4I-265 POSITIVO  This album was so tight I would not stop listining to it! Every track is exellent, exept Kim which was so disturding It is hard to talk about it. In Stan Slim showed emotion making this song very sad. Tracks 2,3,4,5,7,8,12,18 and the rest I can't think of now but I know there great!
 B000AA7B4I-266 POSITIVO  NO WORDS CAN DESCRIBE THIS I LOVE IT ALL EVEN THOUGH 'KIM' IS A BIT SHOCKING. ITS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY HIP-HOP FAN
 B000AA7B4I-267 POSITIVO  wow I just got this cd on friday I loved it so much I listend to it 6 times my favroite song is Kim all the bad words and stuff are so cool and he made this record better then the slim shady LP so for all you rap fans out there buy this cd
 B000AA7B4I-268 POSITIVO  Having been bowled over by the humor of his first album, I was leveled by the force of Eminem's newest. &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; shows a different, more mature side of Eminem - though no less gritty or uncompromising in his lyrical approach. Even though tackling the sudden responsibility of being a public figure and hero to his fans, he isn't afraid to spill the expletives or gruesome fantasies. Not as much cheeky comedy here, but a very compelling record.
 B000AA7B4I-269 POSITIVO  Wow! for 'THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP'.Ive listened to a THE SLIM SHADY LP about a million times and its so fantastic that I thought theres no way Eminems new album could live up to the greatness of its predecessor but take note...It has!At its most basic level,you can say Eminem has succeeded by simply pushing the 'shock factor' of his previous album up and keeping the same outrageous(and hilarious) style of rapping plastered all over 'THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP'.A task in itself,no doubt.Yet,scratch under the surface of this album and what becomes very clear is the rawness of thought that Eminem is giving us.Numerous times on the album he makes reference to how hes just spitting out ANY crazy idea that runs through his mind and whether you like to admit it or not,ANYBODY is capable of concieving these thoughts! A perfect example of this is the fantastic song 'CRIMINAL' where he blatently tells us that all his material doesnt repersent what he would like to do,or what he believes in...Slim Shady just lets loose with any bizarre/sick/warped thing pops into his head! ... All the songs on this album are as blatent as hell and all of 'em contain at least a hundred bad deeds that any self respecting human would frown upon,which is probably what makes this album so appealing...its not real life(and certainly never should be)but its a guilty pleasure,revelling in the comical distaste of this album. There are 14 main,full lenght songs on the album and honestly all of them are brilliant with the exception of the 4 songs where guest rappers appear!The big problem is that the other rappers seem a bit boring when they're superimposed upon the dynamic backround of Eminems fantastic style of rapping.Having said that however,those 4 songs are certainly not bad...they just pale in comparison to the other 10 gems on the album.Eminem tops the shock factor with ease with songs like 'KILL YOU' in which he rapes his mother and 'KIM',the prequel to '97 Bonnie and Clyde where he kills his daughters mother after finding her dating another man.A million other startling concepts are dealt with in the other songs including attacks at gays,pop stars and lining up school bullies to be shot dead!'DRUG BALLAD' is probably the closest thing on the album to real life for Eminem and just like 'ROCK BOTTOM' from his previous album,its absolutely brilliant!The star song of the album however,is the star song by a long way!Its that good!No,its not 'THE REAL SLIM SHADY'(though the current single IS excellent)but the song that should definately be the NEXT single from the album...a masterpiece;'STAN'.The song is gripping,funny,sad,intelligent and powerful from start to finish.It also has a good chance of being the next single given the minute amount of swearing and the potential to make a great video out of it.A classic indeed! So...if your over 16 years old,dont have too much of an impressionable mind and enjoy downright great lyrical talent,this is definately the album for you.Eminem fans will love it and even people who arent fans or even HATE rap should give it a shot! 'cos just like his previous album,'THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP'is definately an experience!
 B000AA7B4I-270 NEUTRO  Eminem is a brilliant lyricist. No doubt for those who heard him on the wonderful Soundbombing 2. However, this album continues the path he set on the song &quot;Dead Wrong&quot; with obsessive lyrics. It's rather fascinating to examine the twisted mind of a downtrodden figure but often at the expense of its profundity. For example, the skit Ken Kaniff is supposedly a wonderful satire but I think that it was too disgusting to mention. Eninem should try to become a little more mature in his subject matter but he ought to retain his wonderful talents. Of course, the pictures in this album are just better than the first album. The production is okay but I think that instrumentation of the sampling is much better than the first and I really think he deserves lots of props for his unique voice in hip-hop.
 B000AA7B4I-271 POSITIVO  First off, I have been a die-hard country music fan for 18 years.After hearing &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; a few weeks ago, I had to find out who put it out. May 26th I bought the CD. I love it. I love all the songs. I really, really am surprised at what I found. I expected a rap CD about killing everyone. I got that, but Eminem backs up his argument very well. He lets his audience know that he is just a music artist, and that everyone needs to loosen up sometimes.His best songs are &quot;Stan,&quot; &quot;Kill You,&quot; and &quot;Marshall Mathers.&quot; &quot;Stan&quot; stands out of the CD the most. It is a song about a crazed fan. His songs are very well-written and I hope he gets a Grammy. ...After Garth Brooks, George Strait, and Brooks and Dunn, I have grown tired of country music. Eminem is a great switch, as far as I'm concerned.wilsonaw@email.uc.edu
 B000AA7B4I-272 NEUTRO  Being an owner of the explicit Marshall Mathers LP, I can say that it is way better! I am reviewing this album for one song, which is the Kids. I find this song hilarious, and one of Eminem's catchiest and greatest songs. The kids that do vocals in the background are funny, and they sound like the kids from South Park. The song is great! Oh, and by the way, if you can, get the unedited LP. It's better and "Kim" is a great song. Its not on the album because it is too explicit.
 B000AA7B4I-273 POSITIVO  This is definitly the best thing to get for your money! This CD is sooooooo awsome, it shows what a great rapper Eminem is to really be able to express everything going on in this life (good & bad) on paper! Every single song on this track has a catchy beat and although some of his rhymes are a bit chilling you will get addicted and want more,more,more! That was how it was for me. The first time I heard "kill you" (the second track) I couldn't believe my ears! But then a day later it became my favoraite song! That's how Eminem is: the first time you hear him you are in total shock, but after a while you grow to love him!!!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-274 POSITIVO  the best eminem cd made to date. its great. if he had more sonds like under the influence he would be a better singer. enuff said. now quit lookin and BUY IT!
 B000AA7B4I-275 POSITIVO  The marshall mathers LP is a classic eminem album. Eminem put himself right in the center of the rap world after this release and was able to sell enormous quantities of it while being torn by the media. Eminem is able to talk about his life problems in a very satirical format keeping his audience entertained. This album is right behinf infinite and the slim shady lp for the best eminem cd
 B000AA7B4I-276 POSITIVO  After Eminems Debut Album The Slim Shady LP it was hard to tell if he could keep it up and he did. I like this album because of the personal being. This really brought out Eminem. My favorite tracks are Under the Influence( I can really relate to that ) and Drug Ballard. These i consider great out of just good. All the tracks are good but these two grabbed my attention the most. Under the Influence just boosted me up. I would love to tell someone that. Its great to get trashed and high to and so is Drug Ballard. I would reccomend this to any gangsta rap fan. This is a gotta get. so go out buy it!
 B000AA7B4I-277 POSITIVO  THis is my favriote eminem album. It is jsut perfect, ive had it for nearly 2 years and im still not sick of it.My favriote songs are who knew, which is about how he claims he enver knew he would turn out this way, Marshal Mathers, basically a story of his life with a little bit of ICP dissing. And Criminal, umm....fantasy. Overall i think you should buy this if you like eminem. It doesnt paint real nasty images either =)
 B000AA7B4I-278 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers is one of the best CDs I ever heard it cointains a mix of humor and a mix of songs that makes you feel better when you need it the most.the soundtrack Marshall Mathers is my favorite
 B000AA7B4I-279 POSITIVO  I listened to this a little while after the somewhat forgotten Slim Shady LP and I think that this is pretty good. The positive side of this album is that Eminem has a more serious tone throughout; his lyrics have become more defensive; the sometimes sickening lyrics about killing women, that the Slim Shady LP had, are starting to disapear (although "Kill You" does standout as his most misogynistic song yet IMO); ... There are some really good songs here as well. However, this is not the masterpiece many see it as...The reason for this is that Eminem stopped writing all those carefully constructed lyrics that shined in The Slim Shady LP like "Brain Damage" or "I'm Shady". His lyrics aren't really too creative this time. The now-old "The Real Slim Shady" doesn't do too much for me. Disses at pop stars like Christina Agulera or Britney Spears are rather uninteresting. I miss those Lauren Hill or Garth Brooks disses that were much more thought out. But enough about that. Also, ... he throws punches at the gay & lesbian groups. .... Another thing is that on some songs, he just tries too hard to shock you in songs like "Kill You" and "Criminal". Don't much care for that. Further more, the song "Kim". I have no problem with it's subject matter (kinda low however; Eminem killing his wife for cheating), but it's the music that counts about it, so I will say this: first, the chorus makes no sense. Second, the first time I heard the song, I could not tell if he was rapping at all (it sounded like a really disturbing skit with a beat). Third, this is an inferior prequel to "97 Bonnie And Clyde". I naturally heard that song first, and (call me sick) I thought it was funny in a dark way. But hearing "Kim" ruins the black comedy that you could've experienced with the other song. Finally, "Amityville" has an awful guest appearance by D-12's Bizarre (no offence to Bizarre). All of this mars the album......but not too much. This album is still a irreverent look at Eminem in 2000. There are some excellent songs on here. The best song would have to be the "Come On Everybody" esque "Drug Ballad". IT really takes us back to the old, forgotten days. IT will always stand the test of time for me. Also, "Under The Influence" (with D-12) is a lyrical assault on the sences. Probably D12's best. Other Standouts include "Stan", "Who Knew" "Remember Me" (with RBX and Sticky Fingaz), "I'm Back", "B***h Please 2" (with great appearances by Dr.Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit, and Nate Dogg), and "Criminal".I definetely wouldn't recommend this to everybody. This is the album that once gave him a household name status. It's nowhere near as good as his debut, but you can still enjoy, regardless of how terribly old it's gotten. Check it out if you still haven't. peace...BTW, how did Eminem have any knowledge that this would be so successful? He mentions it throughout some of his songs. Strange...
 B000AA7B4I-280 POSITIVO  I use to love it, like my top 5 CD's, but when THE EMINEM SHOW came out, I realized how boring the album is compared to it. Maybe it's because at first I brought it to school to seem like a 'cool kid', and hten really got to love it and listened to it 24/7. The highlights of it are probably "Who Knew", "Kill You", "Criminal" and the all-to-well-known, "The Way I Am". The ones I could do without are some of the skits, "Drug Ballad" and "I'm Back".So-and-so songs are "KIM" (although it's a little to violent) and "Marshall Mathers".All-in-all, this album is pretty good, but if the Eminem SHow had came out before I had gotten a chance to get this one, I would've skipped it, indefinately.
 B000AA7B4I-281 POSITIVO  the next album from the infamous Emenem called the Marshall Mathers LP is the most straight forward and is probably most controversal rap albums of the century! The album is always ahead of everything(knowing that having homophobic lyrics will disturb many) and Emenem was always right about everything he said and was always dead on about his issues. Just a great album! for the people who liked his first cd... will love this one!
 B000AA7B4I-282 NEGATIVO  okay this is a very bad cd they swear ike 50 times in 1 minute! THEY ARE HORRIBLE! here is some advice 4 u guys out there DO NOT GET YHIS CD i would of rated it a 0 if i could. it is disgusting and very bad. And whoever dissagrees with me send me a letter I DARE YA! unless u r to chicken
 B000AA7B4I-283 POSITIVO  The nice thing about Eminem is his lyrical topics are different. He's got more imagination than a lot of rappers out there. But what surprises me is that this album is very good and he had a lot to live up to with this one. Tracks like &quot;Stan&quot; that make you think or his rage let out on &quot;Kim&quot; are pure heart. Something you don't see from a rapper too often. It reminds me a lot of my favorite song &quot;Hit Em Up&quot; by 2Pac. You'll find creative and funny lyrics with good production and every now and then you get an uncut glimpse of heart and soul from this man. I think it's beautiful. He could be black and still &quot;stand out like a green hat with an orange bill&quot; with the lyrical topics he presents at times. ...
 B000AA7B4I-284 POSITIVO  Once in awhile an album comes out that is just a must have. This is one of those joints. Eminem has given us an album chock-full of his hilarious lyrics and suberb wordplay. Not to mention the incredible beats laced mostly by Dr. Dre &amp; Mel Man. Slim's flow can get a little sick at times, but you learn to just shake it off and continue nodding your head. True Em fans are used to this. The intro to &quot;Criminal&quot; sets the record straight for all the new fans. The album's best cuts are &quot;Remember Me&quot;, Marshall Mathers&quot; &amp; &quot;Stan&quot;. The whole album hot so, go cop it you will be very pleased.
 B000AA7B4I-285 POSITIVO  This is just quite simply one of the best rap albums I have heard next to All Eyez On Me and Doggystyle. Em's style has really matured since his last album and is now very distinctive. Lyrically the album is superb but the delivery is also faultless.Perhaps the ultimate compliment though is that he outshines all of his guests on the album and, when you consider that they include Dre, Snoop and Xzibit, that is not easy.The tracks of real distinction are The Real Slim Shady, Stan, Marshall Mathers, B-Please 2, and Under The Influence with the D-12, who also come off well.All in all, this is one of the albums of the year and no rap fan, or fan of good music, should be without it.
 B000AA7B4I-286 POSITIVO  First off, I'd like to point out the fact that This cd does not have the Kim. It has &quot;The Kids&quot; Which is much better. I've listened to both the Cd's but I was forced to buy the Edited version. Yes, it's not as intense... But &quot;The Kids&quot; Is hilarious. Slim shady is subsituting for a South-Park like class. IT'S SOO FRIGGN' FUNNY! The corus is &quot;See children Drugs are Baaaad, and if you don't beleive me ask your Daaaaaad, and if you don't beleive him ask your Moooooom She'll tell you How she does 'em all the tiiiime. So kids say &quot;no&quot; to druuuuuugs, So you don't act like everyone else doooooooes, and there's really nothin else to Saaaaaaaay, Drugs are just Bad Mmkaaaaay?&quot; So he acts like he's Mister Makey. Mmkay? He is teaching the class how to poisen squirrls. Mmkay? It may sound stupid, but listen to it. I promise you'll smile, if not laugh histerically.
 B000AA7B4I-287 POSITIVO  After hearing the debut album of Eminem, I doubted he could top that off again. Fortunately, I was incorrect. This new album of his has totally blown me away. It is significantly better than his debut album for a number of reasons. He certainly has more material to work with, now that he has found stardom.Songs like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; leave you cringing and squirming in your seat. No other musician has captured our attention like Eminem has. I'm looking forward to any other word he has to do.
 B000AA7B4I-288 POSITIVO  I think this CD is better than most of the monotonous rap that is out right now, but not as good overall as his first CD. This one doesn't have the humor of the first one and I think there are too many guest appearances that bring down the quality of the raps. &quot;Stan&quot; is without question the strongest song on the disc. Of course, if you are looking for raps about political activism or positivity, then this is not the disc for you. But if you are looking for some good rhymes, look no further.
 B000AA7B4I-289 POSITIVO  Eminem has come again with his strange style of issues. Some may not like him, but he has brought a new style to the rap game. Not the same issues everyone talks about, cars, money, etc. He comes with a kind of humor, but still respected...
 B000AA7B4I-290 POSITIVO  I find Eminems albums hillarious, I think of it as amusing while I can still understand that it is not real and if it is I dont want to know about it. I am not a huge rap fan for the simple fact that I cant relate to most of it but if you are mature enough to listen to this and take it with a grain of salt I would recommend it. ... By the way I wouldnt let my kids listen to this either.ven more spectacular than his major label debut. Every song on the CD was amazing, except for #9 Remember Me and #15 B*tch Please. I never thought he could top his debut but he did.The skits are very funny too. Standout songs are The Way I Am, Stan, Kim, Marshall Mathers and Criminal. A track by track rating would be helpful so I will provide mine!1. Public Service Announcement 2000 -good intro2. Kill You -A very funny song saying that if you mess with eminem, he'll kill you. He disses women in the song but later says he's just kidding. 9.5/103. Stan -this song is a masterpiece about an obsessive fan who thinks that everything eminem says is true. He writes eminem letters and gets mad when he doesn't getting a reply, kind of tragic too. Listen and see what happens! 10/104. Paul -short skit5. Who Knew -A song about how eminem never thought parents would blame him for their kid's problems. 8/106. Steve Berman -very funny skit about how eminems CD is worthless and no one will listen to it.7. The Way I Am -A song about eminem and the how he is and he can't change. Probably my favourite song on the CD. 10/108. The Real Slim Shady -very catchy song, disses a lot of people and is very funny, not the type of song you'll find more of on this CD though. 9/109. Remember Me? -my least favourite song on the CD, the guest rapper on the song annoys me! That's all I can Say! 6/1010.I'm Back -A song about basically eminem is back! 8.5/1011.Marshall Mathers -A song about how everyone doubted him before and now they care about him that he's big, boy and girl bands are dissed in a parody of LFO's Summer Girls. ICP also gets a huge diss, a verse if devoted to them! 9.6/1012.Ken Kaniff -A skit where the infamous ken Kaniff get's his d**k su*ked by the ICP!13.Drug Ballad -catchy dance songs that talks a bit about drug addiction14.Amityville -a song about Detroit and how bad it is for crime. pretty good 9/1015 B*tch Please II -another song I disliked, features Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg. I just didn't like it!16.Kim -a somewhat disturbing (to say the least) song! where eminem kills kim because she was cheating on him. Not for a little kids, worth a listen though. 10/1017.Under the Influence -A song that basically says if u don't like eminem you can suck his d**k! 9/1018.Criminal -a catchy song, pokes fun at gays, has a catchy chorus, good intro, and a kool bank robbing skit. 10/10Well that's all I have to say about this Masterpiece. Buy it now, you will not regret, if you usually don't like rap, like me, you might be surprised how much you like this CD. Give it a try and remember not to talk Eminem seriously! And also the people he disses deserve to be!
 B000AA7B4I-291 POSITIVO  This cd is the best album i have ever heard! The rhymes are off the hook with phat beats. The only two tracks I dont like is Ken Kaniff because it makes me sick, and The Real Slim Shady because I have heard it so many times that it is just annoying. Radio and MTV and BET have ruined an awesome song. The best song on the whole album is definitely &quot;The Way I Am&quot; Number 7 it has the phattest lyrics with the tightest beat ever. Stan is also good because it proves Eminem can show a seriousness to himself. I like &quot;Criminal&quot; too. I really like the interlude in the middle of it. If you like the Slim Shady LP and thought it was pushing the limits The Marshall Mathers LP will blow you away!
 B000AA7B4I-292 POSITIVO  This is definitely my favorite Eminem album, because I don't just "put up" with the content of his lyrics, I actually enjoy the content. Some people say it's too harsh and controversial, but people need to realize he speaks his mind no matter what it is. Also, Eminem was trying to separate himself from the rest of the pop-culture(he says so in an interview about his offensive lyrics), becuase he was constantly grouped up in that category. So to the music review, I love every single song on this album except "Remember Me?" and "Amityville", (Amityville is still a solid song, just forgettable). This album has good production, but not great like The Eminem Show, and has great flow and lyrical ability from Eminem to make this my favorite Eminem record to date. Although I love the content of this album, i've come to realize that if Eminem kept putting out albums similar to this, everyone would get sick of him. (Even me)My standout tracks: Stan (One of the best rap songs ever), The Way I Am, I'm Back, Marshall Mathers, Criminal, and Who Knew.10/10
 B000AA7B4I-293 POSITIVO  have you ever been unexpressably angry? well so has Eminem but he can express it. there is no way to say it, this album is only for you if you have been chewed up and spat out atleast 4 times in your life. if not you will not listen to the words he says and most importantly the ones he dosen't say. with eminem charistic wit and lyrical portrates. he lets you deeper into his life and mind as twisted as any. take him or leave him alone. that is clear hear the samples.
 B000AA7B4I-294 POSITIVO  After the release of Eminem's first album, The Slim Shady LP, possibly the greatest rap/ hip-hop record ever, I didn't know whether it could be topped by his new Marshall Mathers LP. Not only does Em manage to equal his previous release, but he creates another classic album with original lyrics and good beats. Whether or not it is better than the SSLP can be debated, but either way, this is a terrific record for the casual music fan or the hardcore Eminem fan.
 B000AA7B4I-295 POSITIVO  This is Eminem's 2nd major release and also his best release to date. This album is in the Guiness Book of World Records for being the fasting selling rap album of all time. It sold 1.76 million copies in only its 1st week. This album has good production mostly coming from Dr. Dre. The lyrics are very good and controversial. This album was actually protested against because of some of the content it had in it. The best songs are "The Way I Am" "Stan" and "Criminal." I would definitely suggest this album to all rap fans.PSA 2000 (Intro) - funny introKill You - good chorus, good lyrics 5/5Stan - this is one of the best on the album 5/5Paul (Skit)Who Knew - decent lyrics, good chorus 4/5Steve Berman (Skit)The Way I Am - song to his critics, BEST SONG!! 10/5The Real Slim Shady - catchy chorus, good verses 5/5Remember Me? - awesome eminem verse, decent chorus 4/5I'm Back - boring chorus, awesome verses 5/5Marshall Mathers - awesome chorus and lyrics 5/5Ken Kaniff (Skit)Drug Ballad - decent chorus, good lyrics 4/5Amityville - nice 3rd verse by Em, good chorus 5/5Bitch Please II - nice guest appearances, good chorus 5/5Kim - song lyrically attacking his wife Kim 5/5Under The Influence - good chorus, good verses by Em and D12 5/5Criminal - one of the best songs, good verses and chorus 5/5
 B000AA7B4I-296 POSITIVO  This is by far the best album to ever come out of that controversial rapper we know as Eminem. You may think that I'm a little biased though since I really enjoyed his debut, The Slim Shady LP. But Em showed a different side to himself on that album. The side that he shows on The Marshall Mathers LP, however, strikes me as the best. It is a darker, and way more mature version of Eminem than he has, even until now, ever shown. The lyrics are that of a genius, the melodies hypnotic and even the order of the songs and the way they are presented makes this album a masterpiece, not just of rap, but for all music. Even if you do not like rap music, or are just now getting to know Eminem, listen to this album. It's one of the few albums that I can listen to straight through, without skipping any tracks.
 B000AA7B4I-297 POSITIVO  people get this cd. it is sweet. it is his best cd ever! stan is an awsome song along with the real slim shady,the way i am and marshall mathers
 B000AA7B4I-298 POSITIVO  This is the album that turned me on to Eminem. Its got everything that takes the fun out of watching Television! Its got things your priests, teachers or parents would beat you up for! A super fun album to listen to.
 B000AA7B4I-299 POSITIVO  I love this album. The song that I really love though is "The Real Slim Shady". Also,1. B**** Please II Feat. Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit & Nate Dogg2. The Way I Am3. Stan Feat. DidoHe is definitely okay in my book if he rolling with Dr. Dre and Aftermath/Interscope Records. Holla back!
 B000AA7B4I-300 POSITIVO  The albulm Marshall Mathers LP is filled with platnium singles such as Stan, The Way I am, THe Real Slim Shady, and many more. Another thing that I enjoy about the album is that the songs that are not played on the radio are just as good as the hits. THe albulm has a varity of songs ranging from songs like Stan which are understanding of how life is. Then there is aggressive songs like Kim which is graphically Violent. I don't think people should take all of his lyrics literally but he does post some good thoughts. People need to sort out his lyrics to figure what should be taken literally and not literally.
 B000AA7B4I-301 POSITIVO  This is the album that introduced me to rap and Eminem in particular (back in the year 2000). And, in my limited experience, I feel obliged to pay my respects to this impresario! I can say that this is a truly classic album! Wonderful Beats and true-to-himself lyrics! Yeah this is what made him a star!I'm yet to hear a song more powerful than 'Stan'. The talent really rings out, with Em singing in two voices - the sucidical/inconsollable/deranged/depressed fan, and then the cool-as-a-cucumber star!.The super-hit; The Real Slim Shady, has Slim taking on the likes of everyone i hate! from Christina to Clinton to boy bands and some!Songs like 'I'm Back', 'Remember Me' 'The Way I Am' and 'Who Knew' has Em giving hell to all of his critics!Then there are songs like 'Kill You' which come across as misogynic. Here, If you understand what Em is trying to say, you will symphatise rather than hate him!And pal, when you're having a realy-real bad day, jump to 'Under the influence' (my fav song!) and tell all of 'em to suck that infamous part of your anatomy! heheheEveryone, no matter what country, race or religion, can truly identify with the songs. Legends like Pac talked about Equal Rights and Biggie talked about dough and hustling, but Em talks about just being himself; and all the problems that come about when people try to be true to themselves! Eminem is a Existentialist Philosopher!People try to bad-mouth Eminem most of the time! Misogynist, Homophobic, Faker, Racist and what not! I DON'T belive them! For me Eminem is dope!Go Buy it man! you won't regret your intelligent decision! This is a must-have album on your baddest days!Cheers,FFp.s. btw i am not a white kid!
 B000AA7B4I-302 POSITIVO  Eminem is probably one of the only white rappers i respect. Some of his songs may be about nothing, but other times he spits the truth. This guys lyrical skills are better than 2/3 of the black rappers lyrical skills. This is definatly his best album, with "the eminem show" being a close second. The two best songs on here are "the way i am" and "stan." I wanna see eminem and lil wyte go at it once. Both are lyrically gifted and both can flow like a mothaf*cker. Pick this album up if you dont got it already.
 B000AA7B4I-303 POSITIVO  This is by far Eminem's greatest album he has ever done. There's no question that it's one of the best albums of all time. It sold an amazing 1.76 million in its first week, which is now a new record for a solo artist. I don't care if you love him or hate him, you can't say that he doesn't have any talent. The best songs are &quot;The Way I Am&quot; &quot;Criminal&quot; and &quot;Stan.&quot; Every rap fan will like this album and I suggest that all of you buy it.
 B000AA7B4I-304 POSITIVO  I think that the Marshall Mathers LP is a a great Cd. I particularly like how Eminem expresses about what he thinks about a lot of things(which reflects my feelings about why certain things happened, i.e. Columbine. I personally think sometimes that Eminem makes more sense about why Columbine happened than a lot of the people over there[but that's another story]) and I also think that a lot of the songs are great.This CD is a must-buy for every Eminem fan.
 B000AA7B4I-305 NEUTRO  It's almost impossible to review the MM LP without relating it to its predecessor, so I'll start out with that. The reason the Slim Shady LP was amazing was because there was an air about it that felt like it was a struggle between Marshall Mathers and the insane Slim Shady, on tracks like Guilty Conscience and Role Model you could hear Slim taking over, but in spots of My Fault and Brain Damage there were glimmers of the more sane and ridiculed Marshall. The two entities battling each other gave the album depth and a feeling of chaos, making it fascinating to listen to.Here, Em has gone further towards the Slim Shady side, but rather than keeping him a deranged character, he's melded him with Marshall into just another hatemonger, albeit one with amazing rhyming skills. The album doesn't manage to portray the tension between Marshall and Slim that the original did, and because of this the tracks sound confused at best. Em has lost the loose feeling of rhymes that made him unique, on The Way I Am and Real Slim Shady his rhymes fall perfectly on the beat. The only song that sounds like the old CD is Stan. But that song, while haunting and well done, shatters the ideas of Slim being out of control, showing that Em is acutely aware of what he's doing, writing yet another song to make sure everyone know that it's all a joke, yet songs like Criminal seem to function only to make fun of gays.... It almost sounds like he's having a tough time putting together the deep songs of the SS LP and is resorting to filling up his CDs with good beats but flat, dare I say, plots to his songs. The CDs are stories, at least the first was. This is just a collection of songs. I can only hope that the Eminem Show goes back to the old style, but I doubt it.
 B000AA7B4I-306 POSITIVO  ... The Marshall Mathers cd is just as brilliant as The Slim Shady cd. My personal favorite is Under The Influence, ... Another one, that I think E is directing to the bullies and others that tormented him as a child, is Remember Me?. Criminal, Marshall Mathers, I'm Back, etc., are all excellent songs as well. So, if you want to hear some of the best lyrics ever recorded, get this cd. If not then go get the Backstreet Boys or N'sync, they might be more on your level. Remember, don't judge other people when you have no idea what kind of life they have led. Oh yeah, just wanted to give a quick kudos to Dr. Dre, for discovering the most talented rapper to ever come along, and for taking a chance with him so we all can enjoy his music. Thanks Dre. he really adresses the point of the lyrics in these songs. ofcourse the hit &quot;the real slim shady&quot; is unhatable and i could go on about it all day but all i can say is i would give it 5 stars. i would give every single song on this album 5 stars, judging the lyrical content and the beats. they are all great. songs like &quot;kim&quot; are shocking but it makes you realise that stuff like abuse happens and it shouldn't. &quot;stan&quot; is just a great example of copy-cat fans and is a crude reminder to fans that EMINEM shouldn't be copied, whether his songs are jokes or not. in &quot;stan&quot;, the angry fan copies what EMINEM did in &quot;kim&quot;. even if &quot;stan&quot; is a lesson for fans, it's the most creative and brilliantly written song i've ever heard in my life. buy this album, it will blow you away after you have gotten over the offensiveness of his words. and if you actually find it too offensive, then, this is a message from EMINEM... &quot;GO AHEAD!! SUE ME!!!&quot; but it won't get you anywhere and as if he would care if he got sent to jail anyway. have a great time listening to this album. enjoy. by Nobby the Great
 B000AA7B4I-307 POSITIVO  Well all i can say is i love eminem not because off his good looks but his music, although he has some harsh words they dont mean a thing! all of is songs are a bit abusive but if u dont like language like that then i recon u should buy the vertion without the language in it!! if u didnt like eminems first album then u would defenetly like this. Thats all i can say bout this kool album with these last words IT HAS SOME HEAVY BEATS 4 all u rock people out there and this album is 4 anyone and everone ... all his songs r catchy WOOPS that more than a few last words hahaha p.s BUY THE ALBUM
 B000AA7B4I-308 POSITIVO  I like all kinds of music, from hardcore to rock to ska to jazz to basically anything out there, but I've never liked rap. That is, until I heard this CD for the first time. After hearing it in my friend's car, I went out and bought it, and it quickly became one of my favorite albums. Sure, it's crude and often offensive, but so what? I've listened to this CD dozens of times, and I never once got the feeling that Eminem takes himself seriously. So I don't think his fans should take him seriously either, and for the most part they don't.On his last LP, Eminem created the persona of &quot;Slim Shady&quot;, an offensive jerk that represents all of the problems in society (homophobia, hatred towards women, etc.). But the American public, being incredibly ignorant as it is, took this the wrong way and thought that Eminem himself was a wife-beating homophobe. On the &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot;, Eminem shows us that he is a real person, not to be confused with fiction. Of course, people still don't get it. All I can say to these people is; your loss. You're missing out on one of the greatest artists of our time.This is similar to the controversy over James Joyce's classic novel &quot;Ulysses&quot;. It was viewed as obscene and even pornographic when first published, but it is now considered one of the greatest books ever written.One more thing... No matter what anyone tells you, the edited version is not better. While the edited version does have &quot;The Kids&quot; (which is a great song), it's not worth the compromise. &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; is a work of art. If you can't stomach it, then don't listen to it. A watered down version is not better.
 B000AA7B4I-309 POSITIVO  Eminem has really made the world snap into reality. Hell yeah this cd is gonna hurt some people, but the truth hurts and he tells is like it is. All of the songs are witty and truthful. In all of his tracks he releases bits and bits of his mind to the whole world, and it might hurt people but thats the way he is. ... I think this CD really expresses the way &quot;Marshall&quot; is and what impression he is trying to make. I dont reccomend this for people who like britney spears or christina aguilera, but i do reccomend this cd for people who dare to hear to truth and the best rapper ever!dy, we see Stan as someone who, like Eminem, had an abusive father, and unlike Em, is actually a tortured closet homosexual, or at the very least, has a serious case of admiration turning into spurned adoration (does anyone seriously think a fan of Eminem's would also be a huge Phil Collins fan?). Thus, I can't seriously believe that Eminem's gay-hating lyrics on the rest of the album are anything but macho posturing... these lyrics are too raw and real. Between letters from Stan to Eminem and Em's response to Stan, a verse from Dido's song "Thank You" plays to ghostly effect as rain falls in the background. In the music video, it is Stan's neglected girlfriend singing this verse ... the words actually come from Stan's soul, the subtext (at least his first) fan letter: "The morning rain clouds hurt my window/ But I can't see at all/ Even if I could, it'd all be grey/ But your picture on my wall/ It reminds me that it's not so bad/ It's not so bad." The song is Eminem's undeniable artistic prowess at work, and shows that he is, in fact, possessed of some conscience.Then, near the other end of the album, we have 'Kim'. The song is a prequel to the aforementioned ' `97 Bonnie and Clyde', where Mathers takes his daughter along while he buries the body of his murdered wife, Kim. As disgusting as that thought was, the whole song was carried off with a very cool, dark humor (perhaps because the events took place after the fact and his lame attempts at trying to reassure his daughter) and it worked in the context of the over-the-top _Slim Shady LP_. Here, however, we get all of Mathers' rage, his wife's desperate pleading (voiced, of course, by Eminem), and the explicit sounds of her murder while Eminem screams "BLEED, B----, BLEED!!!". This isn't just a confessional for Eminem: he's calling all of his fans on their crap for finding all of this oh-so amusing. It's not just Kim in that car ride to the forest... we're all along for the ride. ("Does this look like a big joke?!", he screams at her, and us.) This has to be the single most difficult song I've ever heard. It's violent, awful, and must be heard.The rest of the album is filled with songs deriding the fickleness of fame and fans, the artistic void that are today's pop bands, and clever derisions of the media for blaming school shootings on Eminem and the like. Like the brilliant "South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut" of last year, `The Marshall Mathers LP' is a foul-mouthed shout at the world to put the blame where it is needed for violence: parents. (This would seem to be flatly contradicted by the events in "Stan", but the character Stan was almost-certainly unstable before he Eminem's over-the-top first album gave a voice to his rage.)"The Real Slim Shady" and "The Way I Am" are a couple of great, clever, funny pop-rap songs, that hit all the right targets. Any time Dr. Dre wants to team up with Eminem is fine by me, so "B---- Please II" is another favorite of mine on the album, as is the very-explicit "Kill You"."The Marshall Mathers LP" is definitely not for the easily-offended, but for fans of rap, funny political and social commentary, and just plain great writing, it is highly recommended. If nothing else, listen so you can weigh in intelligently on the controversy.
 B000AA7B4I-310 POSITIVO  The Cd is quite good. I think it's music and rhymes would really please any rap, hip-hop fan. It's funny, disturbing, and in a way, original. If you are they type of person who takes lyrics very seriously, and is expecting nice lyrics, then this cd isn't for you. But actually, the lyrics and rhymes are very well done, in songs like &quot;the real slim shady&quot;, and &quot;Stan&quot;. Among every other song too. Like I said before, this Cd will entertain any rap fan, and it probably won't make anyone that was looking for a good CD, with good music, rhymes, and a sense of humor, regret buying this cd. The cd really shows you Eminem's talents.
 B000AA7B4I-311 POSITIVO  Eminem and Dr. Dre are absolutely talented. The song that sold me on accepting some rap was California love by Tupac.The reason why I rate this CD at a five, even though it is a type of music (rap) I don't generally like, was because of the song Kim- it has power. Pure adrenaline, pure brutality, pure genius.That song makes Eminem an artist in the true sense of the word.
 B000AA7B4I-312 POSITIVO  Eminem really has talent, this albumn has to be one of my fave. he really expresses himself and doesn't care what ppl think of him. I have to say again i really love this albumn, he has a strong love for his music, and he deserves to be seen 4 who he really is!
 B000AA7B4I-313 POSITIVO  How many times can you say, &quot;Shady will ... kill you&quot;, and call it a song? That's Marshall &quot;Eminem&quot; Mathers for y'all. Take him or leave him.Having only heard the bouncy ditty &quot;Slim Shady&quot; on the t.v. video, I had no idea this cat was this darkly obsessed. Thinking specifically now of the track &quot;Kim&quot;. Earthshattering yells and screams, sound effects of throat-slicing, murky, shoulder-shudderingly scary! I have only listened to it once. I'll probably never listen to it again.BUT... the musical production on this album is OUTSTANDING. Em is strategic and extremely clever in his rhymes. He is, in my opinion, a superior wordsmith. What I find I don't particulary care for on the album, I skip it. I cannot deny this album has some funky, super-magnetizing music in it.Sometimes I find myself wishing Eminem would just relax and roll with it, instead of all the hysteria, so the flow of the wonderful production behind him could be fully appreciated. (Dre is responsible for this? Alright, beautiful production job). However, if Eminem relaxed, he wouldn't be Eminem.....I am no kid. I just celebrated my 50th birthday. I don't really listen to rap. I'm a fan of classic R&amp;B -- singers, not talkers. I appreciate a well-crafted song and a skilled, talented vocal from an artist. But, of late, I have lent my ear to about three hip-hop or rap acts and listened with interest instead of the laughter and contempt that I used to have for this kind of music. The &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; cd is one of the three that I actually bought.I'm out. Thanks for reading. :)
 B000AA7B4I-314 POSITIVO  THIS CD IN MY OPINION IS THE BEST EMINEM RECORD OUT THERE. IT IS ALL GENUINE, THE LYRICS ARE IN SANE AND HE IS THE BEST RAPPER ALIVE IN MY OPINION AND IM A 2PAC FAN, BUT PAC IS GONE.
 B000AA7B4I-315 POSITIVO  I have been wanting to but this cd like forever, i heard it when it was new but never had the money for it. Well found it for a good price and it came in pristeen condition.
 B000AA7B4I-316 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP is one of a few rap albums in my opinion that could/should be labeled as a classic.
 B000AA7B4I-317 POSITIVO  Just replacing my stolen cds. Must be well worth it if someone felt that they had to steal them. I was thrilled that they arrived so quickly.
 B000AA7B4I-318 POSITIVO  This Rap cd is by far very amazing material by the artist and rapper Eminem but I had an issue with three tracks off this cd of his. Those tracks were 9, 12, and 14. Rememeber me was track 9, Ken Kaniff was track 12, and Amityville was track 14. But as for myself my favorite songs were The way I am track 7, Track 18 Criminal, and track 11 Marshall Mathers. This cd got a lot of heat when it came out from lot of religious groups and political groups and so forth. Just like his first album I believe this surpass the first one both in style and lyrics. But if your a true fan of his material both in style and lryics then pick this cd up if you dont have it by now and listen to it with open mind and be prepare to be amazed by the album.
 B000AA7B4I-319 POSITIVO  Eminem expresses emotions that I share yet for distinct and unrelated problems.Just yesterday I was wondering:[What did I do? -- I'm just some kid from the gutter makin his butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a muh'f'n grad student (Album: BluePrint by JayZ)... thus I'm so sick and tired of being admired that I wish that I would just die or get fired! (Album: The Marshall Mathers LP)]So many great statements that I can twist and wrap into my own experience -- ah, such is poetry. My heartfelt thanks to that man :) and his supportive collaborators.I gladly purchased three of his albums as my way of returning Value gained these past 10 or so years.
 B000AA7B4I-320 POSITIVO  As I write this, today is the 12th anniversary of Marshall Mathers LP.This is still his best album. Every track on here is just brilliant (even though I find "he Real Slim Shady" kina annoying now, haha!)You can really feel his pain on these tracks, esp in "Kim". If you're just getting into Eminem, you should get this album. I dont think you can say you'e a fan if you've yet to listen to this.
 B000AA7B4I-321 POSITIVO  Let me start off by saying this is Eminems best album ever it is considered to be his best work which indeed it is thanks to powerful singles like "Stan" in which he plays the role of an obsessed fan who isn't recognized by Eminem then Slim shady himself finally writes the stalker fan back and realizes he kills himself and his pregnant girlfriend. "The Real Slim Shady" basically Eminem is letting people know who the real slim shady is and that he's not Pop like NSYNC, Brittany Spears, Christina Aguilara Etc... Now to the best Single and song on the Classic LP "The Way I Am" Eminem taking jabs at the media for criticizing his image and his controversial Lyrics just by stating hey this is the way I am U don't like it step off pretty much self explainatory but besides the singles there are other standouts like "Kim" most hilarious Eminem song ever. "Kill You" perfect intro to the album. "Criminal" what a way to end the album another funny track also if you don't own this album then U have a problem or just an Eminem hater go get it NOW!
 B000AA7B4I-322 POSITIVO  This album is important as it offically ushered a new era of hip-hop. In 96', the legend that is 2Pac was murdered, and in March of 97', Biggie was shot down too. For the next 3 years, hip-hop and its music had became dull, and besides a few new commers such as DMX and Busta Rhymes, the genre of this great music was slowly decending downwards as rap was trying to find itself.During this time, a white rapper from Detroit was hiding away, along with Dr. Dre, producing and creating what would be a classic album. That album was however The Slim Shady LP, released in 1999. Although its hailed now as a classic, this album was known, but kind of still a secret back in the hip-hop world in 99'. Em and Dre went at it again, and Aftermath records released The Marshall Mathers LP in May 2000. Not only did this introduce alot of people from the new generation into rap (this, along with Dre's 2001 album were the first two i ever purchased) but it also got hip-hop sough of back on track. The flow, shocking and outragous lyrics, along with intense production and some great beats to go along with Em equaled this album. Personally, its in my top 15. Before this, during the time period of 97' to 99', i could name only 4 really great rap albums, Blackout (Method Man & Redman), 2001 (Dr Dre...it was released in 1999 btw), Slim Shady LP (Em) and Its Dark and Hell Is Hot (DMX)...i know i could think of more, but these 4 come to mind. Only four albums, wow that shows how average and tarnished rap was once it lost Pac and Big. Eminem provided some light for fans like myself.Here are the top 6 tracks from the album:1. Stan (argubly one of the greatest songs of all time, whether if your talking about hip-hop or not, this song is genius, inventive and masterful. This song has everything, from intelligant lyrics to a nice hook to nod your head too....Eminem shows pure greatness in this song)2. Marshall Mathers (an Em classic. The beat is so horrocore, as are the lyrics and the flow. Some of Dr. Dre's best production work is right here in this song. Eminem raps about the haters, and how they have gone from douting him, to loving him. Em however gives them the middle fingervand basically says i don't need you on the bandwagon. Epic tune, and a top 10 track by him)3. Bitch Please II (this reminds me of both 'Whats the Difference' and 'Forgot About Dre', the tracks from Dre's 2001 album. It features a fast-pased bassy beat, and has guest vocals and verses provided by Snoop, Dre, Xzibit and Nate Dogg. Definatly a classic song, which brings the Aftermath fam together)4. Criminal (a song with a nice skit type intro in which Em addresses his more annoying fans and critics, and then the beat drops, and its seriously amoung my top 10 beat samples of all time. The lyrics follow the theme of the songs title, being a criminal)5. Kill You (a similar song to Criminal, in which its fast paced and both follow the same style of meaning. Really good song, and with it being the first full lengh song on the album, it sets the pace for the album)6. The Real Slim Shady (a classic Eminem track. A great single. It follows the same comedic values as his song 'Without Me')A truly great album..,
 B000AA7B4I-323 POSITIVO  This is one of the best and most important rap albums of all times. I never really liked white rappers. They normally were gimmicks ( Ice, Ice, Baby?) but this album changed all that for me. There are songs on this album for everyone. Songs like ''Kim'', ''The Way I Am'' and ''Marshall Mathers'' are very bold, risky, and personal. I mean ''Kim'' is a harsh song but who hasn't thought about killing their lover at some point? There is also alot of humor as well. I really enjoy ''The Real Slim Shady'', ''Who Knew'' and ''Criminal''. Dude has a sick sense of humor. Other standouts are ''Kill You'', ''Stan'', and ''Drug Ballad''. I think this is a hip hop classic and it's one album every rap fan should own
 B000AA7B4I-324 POSITIVO  Oops! he did it again. Once again Mr. Slim was able to crack another joke about his momma, and other family members, For a great laugh buy this CD, it also features great beats, cool treats! For anyone intrested that has HUMOR, and a funny bone, if not you might not like this.
 B000AA7B4I-325 POSITIVO  CHECK THIS ALBUM OUT! This is by far better than the excellent debut &quot;The Slim Shady LP.&quot; The best song is &quot;Marshall Mathers,&quot; where Eminem raps about his infamous childhood, instant fame, and his rap rivals Insane Clown Posse-(&quot;And I don't need help from D-12 to beat up two females in make up when they try to scratch me with finger nails&quot;). There is also the very deep and touching song &quot;Stan&quot; about a fan who goes too far in his hopes to meat the real Slim Shady. For all those haters who think because he's white that he can't rap, I dare you to buy this album.
 B000AA7B4I-326 POSITIVO  I thought that Eminem would just ride off into the sunset with a boring sophomore album. I was wrong. He provides more insight into his messed up life, and proves he can hang with the best. This guy has got major writing and rapping skills, so if you like rap with no qualms about poking fun at well, everything, and still has great beats and lyrics, get this CD
 B000AA7B4I-327 NEUTRO  I dont usually listen to rap. Ive tried. Ive listened to DMX, Cypress hill and many many others. Just doesnt do anything for me. Im more into punk grunge and rock. When I first heard of Eminem I thought &quot;oh gee another Vanilla Ice.&quot; I was wrong. His first cd was full of dark humor, But it commits the ultimate sin by making fun of Kurt Cobains death. This cd is darker than ever, but keeps its special brand of humor throughout. Be warned &quot;The real Slim Shady&quot; doesnt really fit into the rest of the album. The best song is the dark, poignant &quot;Stan&quot; in which we see the mental breakdown of an overly obsessed fan through increasingly disturbing letters. If you like rap, or even if you dont, and arent easily offended give it a try. It might do more for you than me.
 B000AA7B4I-328 POSITIVO  In short, this CD is great. Fantastic. Eminem has matured as an artist and you can see it in his music. The way that he shares his thoughts with the world may be somewhat vulgar, it was better than my expectatins. I love it. You should try listening to Stan, I'm Back, Marshall Mathers, Kim, Under the Influence, or The Real Slim Shady, which has been on the radio. The Real Slim Shady is one of a kind though, and it is the only song like it on the CD.
 B000AA7B4I-329 POSITIVO  This is by far the best rap CD to come out in years. Eminem is blessed with a razor sharp tongue to accompany his rapier wit. Dre's psycho-funkadellic beats complement his voice perfectly. In a world of politically correct babble. No holds barred verbal abuse is always a welcomed commodity. Props to eminem for &quot;gettin on the mic and spittin&quot;. Props to Dre for flawless composition, and an eye for talent. ...
 B000AA7B4I-330 POSITIVO  The new cd by rapper Eminem, &quot;Marshal Mathers LP&quot; is much better then then &quot;Slim Shady LP&quot;, which says a lot. Every single track on the cd is very good except for one song by D-12. The song writing is amazing especially on songs like &quot;Who Knew&quot;, &quot;Stan&quot;, and &quot;Kim&quot;. First must buy cd of the summer. get it....NOW! By the way, Real Slim Shady is not near the best song on the cd....that says a lot as well. peace
 B000AA7B4I-331 POSITIVO  I WAS A LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT THE EXPLICITNESS OF EMINEM'S LYRICS BUT WHEN I HEARD THIS CD, ALL MY CONCERNS WERE GONE. I COULD UNDERSTAND WHY SOME PEOPLE WOULD THINK THAT THE WORDS HE USES COULD BE CONSIDERED OFFENSIVE TO SOME BUT IF YOU UNDERSTAND WHERE HE'S COMING FROM, IT'S ART. HE EXPRESSES EMOTIONS THROUGH HIS MUSIC THAT MANY PEOPLE WOULD BE LUCKY TO EVEN UNDERSTAND: HATE, LOVE, ETC. THIS IS A GREAT CD AND I WOULD TELL EVERYONE TO BUY IT!
 B000AA7B4I-332 POSITIVO  Slim's lyrics are hot. Hes not afraid to say whats on his mind and his beats are pretty phat. I definitely recomend this to anybody.
 B000AA7B4I-333 POSITIVO  Eminem is a very underrated musician. A lot of people get on his back because he is white but the truth is he raps just as good as anyone else if not better. His music is a way of venting his anger and frustration with the world that has not worked in his favor over the years. True, this album is filled to the brim with foul language and rather shocking material. It is definately not for kids. But the way he throws humor into very nightmarish songs is really quite enjoyable. A few tracks that really stand out are &quot;Kim&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot;, and &quot;Stan&quot;. And of course who can put down &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; with its catchy beat and its off color humor? Dr. Dre's production really shines too for the album is really well produced. Dre and Eminem make a great team and it would be great to hear them cut more material together. If you appreciate really good rap this album should be purchased.
 B000AA7B4I-334 POSITIVO  A few months ago I HATED Eminem. I thought he was just some snot nosed white boy mouthing off at everything within earshot, cliche style. Then a friend of mine gave me &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; and I started chuckling at his insight on stuff people are afraid to talk about and even think about. I was impressed enough by this to buy his new joint, &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; and you know what? This guy's a genius. For me to go from thinking someone's an idiot to a genius takes some cajoling, I tell you. This album dwarfs his first one. It's got everything: It's hilarious, intense, maniacal, angry, sad, gratuitous and...sensitive. Ripley would be hard pressed to believe that this is the most socially conscious album in quite sometime, but it is. Eminem has more to say about society today and how screwed up it is than any other artist out there. And you know what? He's right. From the media to drugs to the Ken Kaniffs out there he's got truth behind him. It may take a little digging to find it on this album, along with a little open mindendness, but once you do, be prepared to be set free.ps &quot;Kim&quot; is a masterpiece
 B000AA7B4I-335 POSITIVO  Well eminems long awaited albumn is finally here and what do i have to say?.....Excellent. This albumn like the other tells it how it is and lays everything out there. Slim had great lyrics and like always...fat beats!So hats off for the reall slim shady...he did great!
 B000AA7B4I-336 POSITIVO  this cd is raw uncut its the s**t i love it.top 5 tracks1.iam back2.kill you3.crimnal4.drug ballad5.stan
 B000AA7B4I-337 POSITIVO  I just got this cd. I like #3 Stan (is about a dear fan that is writings letters to Eminem trying to get him to be friends and Eminem finally writes him) Criminal is a great song, IM Back is about how he dissn all of boy-bands. Marshall Mathers is another ausome song. All the songs have rap and very upbeat songs. Lots of good beats. Kim is a song about Eminem's girlfriend but on the clean version it is replaced with a song called The Kids it is a South Park type of theme. If you want to know the others songs get the cd. One more thing Eminem shows his sense of humor on the cd and you will crack up.. If you like rap. Get this SOOOOO COOL CD! PS: EMINEM IS THE REAL SLIM SHADY!
 B000AA7B4I-338 POSITIVO  i like this album because i like how eminem can speak his mind and he doesn't care what people think about it. not many artists do this because they are scared of what people will think. but eminem speaks his mind and i praise him for doing this. i like it when people can speak their minds and eminem does just that!
 B000AA7B4I-339 POSITIVO  I think this new album by Eminem is fantastic. Yes some of the content is valuger but he is an artist that is expessing his way of life and i think he shold be cretied for that. GO EMINEM! I cant wait for the next one.
 B000AA7B4I-340 POSITIVO  Like a lot of fans of the &quot;true&quot; hip-hop, I slept on the first album, thinking Eminem was a gimmicky rapper that only got play because he was white. But the skills he showed on &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot; convinced me to pick up the new LP, and I'm glad I did. &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; is really the only radio-friendly cut on the album, and most of the rest of it is lyrically tight and, even more importantly, honest and expressive. Not only does Slim drop uncensored opinions, he reveals alot of his own personality. The best cut is &quot;Stan,&quot; where Eminem drops an ironic tale of an obsessed fan over a smoothed-out beat. Using letters was really original and creative. Listening to Slim rant about his ex-girlfriend, boy/girl bands and the MTV that made him can get a little tiresome, but its still nice to hear a rapper talk about something other than the girls and the Mercedes he rented for the video. Eminem will probably never become the &quot;legitimate&quot; hip-hop artist he desperately wants to become, because it will be almost impossible to live down the image of the &quot;Great White Hope,&quot; but he has the lyrics and the originality to at least carve out his own little niche.
 B000AA7B4I-341 POSITIVO  This is an absoletly incredible album every song is great. His first album was good, this cd is just riducles its one of the best cds I've bought in a while. If you are a rap fan, do yourself a favor and pick this album up, its incredible, even if you don't like eminem you will love this cd. I would give this cd 6 stars if I could. Let people critize Em for cursing and dissin people, hes keeping it real and real hot! This is well worth the money paid for it. Eminem is making his name in rap, go out and buy this cd!
 B000AA7B4I-342 POSITIVO  I just bought this and I thought I was going to be disappointed. Suprise. This album is more complicated and showcases more layers than the Slim Shady album. The production on this album is tighter, the beats are better and Eminem's flows are a lot smoother. I can't finger any standout songs since the entire album is great. &quot;Stan&quot; is definitely a beautiful piece of work with a melodic bassline and nice female chorus from Dido. Truly symphonic and orchestral. &quot;Kim&quot; is also great in its complexity. Overall, the tone on this album is a lot more serious than on Slim Shady. He'd definitely matured. It's as if Eminem and Dre knew they raised the bar with Slim Shady and went into Marshall Mathers with a determination to blow that out of the water. They succeeded.
 B000AA7B4I-343 POSITIVO  many artists who have a very sucessful debut album(I know ,I know but it was his debut on a &quot;big label&quot;)tend to follow it up with a not so sucessful &quot;sophmore release&quot; but Eminem bucks that tradition with his new album, I will even go as far as to say I think the Marshall Mathers LP is a very good album from top to bottom
 B000AA7B4I-344 POSITIVO  This cd is the greatest of 2000 and maybe the best in a long while. Eminem has surpassed and demolished all of the boy and girl bands that he makes fun of. This album is great. Stan is a track that will stick in your head forever. Kim is a track that will take you to the brink of insanity. Eminem, you have created a masterpiece for years to come.
 B000AA7B4I-345 POSITIVO  If you think Eminem's first alblum was good, this is a must buy for you. Almost all of the songs on Eminem's new CD are excellent! Out of five stars I give the Marshall Mathers LP a 6!
 B000AA7B4I-346 POSITIVO  I wasn't an Eminem fan until recently. After hearing his freestyle cuts and this new album, I gotta say I'm a believer. Every track is slick and fresh, but &quot;Stan&quot; stands out as the best of the album. &quot;Stan&quot; is deep and emotional, a contrast to Eminem's usual style. Deserving of at least 5 stars, no doubt!
 B000AA7B4I-347 POSITIVO  I finally got Eminem's new CD &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot;. The CD is really great. It's even better than &quot;The Slim Shady Lp&quot;. He talks about everybody in this CD. It'll make you laugh. Please buy this CD, it's worth the money. I can't tell you what the best track(s) are because, the whole CD is tight.
 B000AA7B4I-348 POSITIVO  i don't like eminem. to tell the truth, &quot;the slim shady LP&quot; was like noise to my ears. it was all too hip-hop-happy, and was just like any other west coast rap production : teenie bopper stuff.now, listen to &quot;stan&quot;, track four of &quot;the marshall mathers&quot;.back already? this nin-minute-track is the one that embodies the CD perfectly : violent, lyrical, with a beautiful loop. this guy has outdone himself. unlike his previous work, and unlike anything made by the east coast (read : wu-tang clan) now i'm not THE expert on rap, but you can bet i darn liked this LP. And you will, too.
 B000AA7B4I-349 POSITIVO  i have 18 words to describe it .....cool cool cool cool coll cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool thats more than 18 words but o wellPeace out,Nick
 B000AA7B4I-350 POSITIVO  This album is equally as excellent as the first. This master lyricist is back as his clever ... self.... This time round he's felt the pressures of fame and hits out at EVERYONE. No-one is safe. His mother, ex-wife, his record label, his fans don't escape the abuse.This album is a genius masterpiece. It gets deep into the mind of a man who has had a LOT of issues in his life.A must buy!yone who enjoyed Em's first album should buy this.he vast majoirty of it contrasts heavily with the &quot;Real Slim Shady&quot; single. The album is highlighed by the amazing track &quot;Stan&quot;, about an obsesive fan, and a barrage of other great tracks featuing soical commentary, and toung in cheak violence. The album also features a couple of tracks with Eminem's new group D-12 which sound great. The only dissapointing aspects of the album are the out of place &quot;Bitch Please II&quot;, and the lack of Royce da 5-9, who was on the amazingly tight track &quot;Bad Meets Evil&quot; on the Slim Shady LP.
 B000AA7B4I-351 POSITIVO  Ya don't get me wrong this album is pretty good but only like 4-5 songs are good, his first album was all good, all the songs were tight! Eminem is a tight rapper but he still needs to get some more guests on more songs like number 15 on this album, he's got Dre, Snoop and others who make it sound really good! go out and get album cause those 4-5 songs are really good!
 B000AA7B4I-352 POSITIVO  yo the new eminem is off the chain. its funny as hell. wit a lot more cusses than his last lp. the album gots tight lyrics, funny verses,an tight songs. its the best album that came out 4 the 2g. if u gonna get any cd get this.peace.
 B000AA7B4I-353 POSITIVO  I don't hand out 5 stars for every album, like a lot of people seem to do for various albums. But Eminem's new album is all I expected, plus about 10 times more. Perfect beats, lyrics that blow away his previous stuff (although it was awesome as well). Eminem is truly a hard-working dude, and when you mix his dope lyrics and innovative style with the tight producing that Dre deals out, you have a masterpiece. That's what this album is.
 B000AA7B4I-354 POSITIVO  A VERY GOOD CD BUT I COULDN'T GIVE IT FIVE STARS SOME OF THE BEATS WEREN'T THAT GOOD AND THE ONLY SONG THAT BLEW ME AWAY WAS NO.15 FEATURING DRE, SNOOP, XZIBT AND NATE DOGG THIS IS THE BEST SONG. THE OTHERS WERE VERY GOOD AND THIS IS A BRILLIANT CD BUT I CANT HELP MYSELF COMPARING IT TO 2001 BY DRE. THE BEATS ON MOST OF THE SONGS ARE TYPICAL OF DRE BRILLIANT. THIS IS A CD THAT ANYBODY COULD ENJOY FROM A RAP FAN TO POP FAN
 B000AA7B4I-355 POSITIVO  After I saw the commercals and saw the videos on mtv I picked this album up.Ever since then it's been at the top of my collection leaving his old cd in the dust.If your a rap fan I highly recomend it to you. But if your under 17 or whatever the hell the limit is, don't bother listening to it.It sends a lot of bad messages.It sends a lot of bad messages. beat up by some fool...I'm white, and I try to act black, but then I say that I'm white, and then make fun of whites and act black, while trying to appear white, talking like I'm black, while throwin' out the racist terms.... YO!I like my mother, but then call her a ho, just so my father doesn't get jelous &quot;Don't worry dad, get ready yo&quot;... Backing that ass up, because I act like I hate gays, because I'm in denial... YO!I tell you that doing is drugs is cool, just because I can't afford any and hope you'll send me some soon. Hey look, I made a complete sentence... recognize!!@@#@$#@ the @#@#@# @#@#@#@ yo... be @$#@#@ my #$#$#$@#@ #@$#$ son.. you @#$#@$# better recognize!....... YO!The Marshal Mathers LP is a masterpiece of music. It has such beautiful lyrics, insightful overtones, and it's fun for the whole family. Buy it for your kids... cuddle around the campfire, and enjoy a night of family bonding... word to my pseudo-homies!e &quot; I'm Back&quot;, &quot;Who Knew&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot;, &quot;Stan&quot; and many others. I suggest you purchase this album yourself and make your own assessment of it. Peace out, Jonathan, or rather his alter ego Slim, discusses. It is there for shock value; and give the guy credit: he certainly knows how to shock people out of their mindless complacency and intellectual slavery to stupid ideological abstractions. My major problem is that this album (as well as most rap music) is geared toward kids as a target audience. Children should NOT be exposed to material like this. My kids certainly won't be listening to it. But mature listeners who have had their fill of liberal propaganda should get a kick out of this highly &quot;insensitive&quot; material.
 B000AA7B4I-356 POSITIVO  Heh, No! This CD had totally got all but for sum songs. Like &quot;Amityville&quot;. I love the rest of the CD and the launguage might be a little foul but I'll tell yuo one thing! He definatly got beat!
 B000AA7B4I-357 POSITIVO  When I first heard this album, I didn't really care for it that much. It is an O.K. album, but he just didn't try hard enough on this one. Don't get me wrong, Eminem is a great rapper. I found songs that I liked on it like " Kill you" that was a great song. I really like "Stan" it has very great lyrics to it. Then from track 3 every song [wasn't good] till track 14 "Amittyville", I like the beat to it, phat song right there. I didn't care for tracks 15 and 16. Now the best song on this entire album is "Under the influence", the rhymes are tight and so is the beat. Overall I found this album alright, but most of the songs [weren't good]. There were funny ... skits though, they made me crack up. The thing that I really like about this though is that eminem says whatever he wants to say, he doesn't care whatever tha hell people think, that's the main reason this album gets 4 stars from me.
 B000AA7B4I-358 POSITIVO  Loved the album, 1 of my faves. if u like this then u should order Audio Stepchild, Land of the Snake Charmer, rumor has it that this is also Eminem...Track2 is called Bizzare same as D12 member, sounds like Em and has great lyrics, this is as good as this album, also has track with Prince, and Tupac produce My Kill, Michael Calderon, says it is pre-order, but I got mine right away.
 B000AA7B4I-359 POSITIVO  This record is off da hook yall. It is so sweet. Stan is a great song and the way i am is also great. I would definatlly recomend this song for any rape fans or anyone trying to get into rap!!
 B000AA7B4I-360 POSITIVO  This is one of the lyrically dopest rappers in the world and the Marshall Mathers LP does not disappoint! This is Eminem's best work yet and every track has a new fresh sound. A must-have for all hip hop fans across the world. Don't take his work too seriously, he's just playin'!
 B000AA7B4I-361 POSITIVO  There is obviously many moods this album gives. A sense of humor, anger, reasoning, and much more. The Marshall Mathers LP, Em's second album, is far more deep than the debut. This is more emotional but I think it's actually even better than the first. I saw Rolling Stone on all this stuff about Em and Everlast's fights. I actually admit I enjoy some of the featured artists better than him. Dido has an amazing voice on Stan. But on Kim, it's the one that his wife was slitting her wrists about. On it he makes up about a fight that they got in. I first heard Public Service Announcement on radio sonicnet, though I don't count skits as tracks because they aren't enough.
 B000AA7B4I-362 POSITIVO  Ok dis is just a tight ... album. In the song Stan it really shows there is a different side to EMINEM. In Kim I know it is a very violent and brutal song, but look at the talent he put into that song. I am giving this album 5 stars because all EMINEM is doing is writing down his feelings he has in real life and putting them into ryhmes, to me that is a truly great idea. I suggest this album to anyone, just give it a try.throughtout the album, as was on his last one. &quot;Ken Kaniff&quot; is just hilarious. Eminem is making fun of the Insane Clown Posse again! In this one, the Posse have quite an intimate time with each other, and the mood ultimately changes when Shaggy utters the word,&quot;Eminem.&quot; Just hilarious! There's also a short skit of Eminem doing a bankjob during &quot;Criminal&quot; and he walks off with the command,&quot;Don't kill anybody!&quot; Ha. Eminem doesn't take lip from anybody! All in all, this is a great album for all hip hop fans alike. It is certainly Eminem's greatest work. Get it now! some celebrity ever would. All I'm saying is, don't refuse to listen to this cd because of what he says, buy it because you like his singing, that's all that really matters.ng 'Kim' simply because I really don't enjoy hearing domestic violence and I really disagree with his views on homeosexuals. But as I've said, I can detach myself from that and not take it too seriusly. That's the problem, people take this album too seriously. I have to say I really do love what he's says about Britney, Chisteney, NSYNC, LFO etc. Because I, like lots of people are sick of hearing about them and being expected to worship them even through we all know that they have absolutly no talent and all they are doing is giving those artists who can a bad name. So, to sum up I think Eminem deserves to be reconaised for what he is: a talented rapper. He should be left alone to express himself the way he chooses. Because as he said himself: that's just the way he is.ng the self-empowered absurdity of stardom. His blunt, rancorous diatribes state his numerous complaints of unwelcome attention, including the corporate leeches of the business that make claims of the rapper's debt that go beyond money. Moreover, he expresses amazement over his sudden and overwhelming popularity in songs like "Who Knew" and "Marshall Mathers".On the whole, Eminem preaches to his audience that fame is a bunch of bull and he won't be a party to it, no matter how much money or attention his music garners. He begs us listeners to not take his angry innuendo so seriously, but his boy-who-cried-wolf act is not exactly a comprehensible tactic. To sum it up, he's a clear-cut, brutally honest individual who could give a damn if the whole world despised him, so long as his daughter Haley grows up to be a well-adjusted young lady. We praise you for your bravery, Em. Just don't make too many people mad...
 B000AA7B4I-363 POSITIVO  First of all, I would like to say that I dont even like rap. I ususally listen to Slipknot and Everclear. But when I heard the real slim shady on the radio I had to get this cd. I couldn't believe how awesome it was. Every single song is good. The best song is definitely Kill You. Whenever I'm having a bad day I sing along with this song. It sounds violent but it's actually pretty funny. Who Knew has some of the best lyrics. I'm Back has a good tune thats impossible not to like. Drug Ballad is one of the best songs on there and so is Amityville. I have no idea why people are freaking out over Kim. It's not that violent. '97 Bonnie and Clyde is probably more violent then Kim is. Under the Influence is hilarious and Criminal is awesome. You have to buy this cd.
 B000AA7B4I-364 POSITIVO  Eminem really sounds angry in this cd. I warn you, if you get offended easily, this cd is NOT for you. Basically, this cd trashes homosexuals, talks about how Eminem doesn't give a care about anything, and disses &quot;pop&quot; groups. &quot;Kim&quot; is nothing but a screaming fit given by Eminem. &quot;Slim Shady&quot; is a good witty song. The rhymes and the beats is the reason I gave this a 4 star rating. Another thing to look out for is the cuss words. I would recommend this cd, but if you get offended easily, please don't buy it.
 B000AA7B4I-365 POSITIVO  I would like to say that this album is great. I love it. To all of you that think it is harsh or has too many bad words, get over it. If you don't like it, stick with your backstreet boys and nsync. For those who enjoy the boy band bashing, buy this cd.
 B000AA7B4I-366 POSITIVO  For anyone who has not purchased Eminems new CD yet...i suggest you go out right now! This is defiantely his best CD..and all of the songs on it are awesome. Eminem def. has some talent there...and no one can deny it! Yeah it has explicit content...but the fact that it is so damn funny makes up for that. And yeha he makes fun of some other celebrities...but who wouldnt? I mean come on people...you have to understand that this CD ROCKS!
 B000AA7B4I-367 POSITIVO  This album is pure class I put it on and I didn't stop listening to it for days. if you like rap then you will absaloutly looooove this album. BUY IT NOW!
 B000AA7B4I-368 POSITIVO  I have always like Eminem and his old albums but this one beats them all. The lyrics are more violent and the things he comes out with are more sickning than before thats why people love him!
 B000AA7B4I-369 NEUTRO  When I got this cd, i expected it to be as good as other peeps say. But, when I listened to it, I had a hard time getting through some very disturbing tracks. The track that was most disturbing was the one about his wife. I just feel that that isn't right at all. Despite that, all the other songs were ok. One of the songs that I wasn't expecting was Stan. It didn't seem like Eminem would have that kind of song. Other than this, I would only recommend you to buy this album if you are a hardcore Eminem fan. If not, you should get something like Cypress Hill or somethin like that.
 B000AA7B4I-370 POSITIVO  The world better get ready for this hard-hiting artist who does not care what anyone thinks. Em is a great rapper people hate him because he is real and talks about their loved ones. Like he said stop looking for him to say something bad and try to see where he's coming from and bump the CD. The Marshall Mathers LP has some hard hitting stuff. My favorite Please II is the best song with callabo's with Dre, Snoop, Exhibit,and of couse the talented Nate Dogg welcomes you back to the west coast flavor. Thats not the only song thats tight even the skits are tight. Feel sorry for you Insane Clown Posse! If you have not bought the CD buy it you be glad you did!
 B000AA7B4I-371 POSITIVO  This new LP from Eminem is very balanced. I believe that the best songs on the CD are Stan and Real Slim Shady. It will make you think as well understand the stardom of Eminem. Once again Dre hooked Em up with a phat crew and tight bounce. If you got it check out #15 its the single of the future. This CD will allow you to laugh and carry on but can get seriuous and will. This CD has a great mix of comedy and rap. I like it.
 B000AA7B4I-372 POSITIVO  This is by far the best album I have ever owned. Not only is it great to listen to, but if you listen to the lyrics you will realise how funny they are. I would recommend this album to anyone and I hope you buy it and experience the man that is Eminem!
 B000AA7B4I-373 POSITIVO  This cd is one of the best; EMiNEM disses everyone and he is a true rapper!
 B000AA7B4I-374 POSITIVO  This album was what you would call &quot;HYPE&quot;. Marshall Mathers has lyrics that will make you think about your life, your existence, what struggles you have or have not gone through, etc. I will be a true fan of Eminem for years to come. Keep up the good work.
 B000AA7B4I-375 POSITIVO  Eminem warned everybody that his second album was going to be really pushing freedom of speech to the limit. Well, what else do you expect from the best white-boy to ever step into the rap game. The edited version is good(I gave it four stars), but I advise everyone to pick up the explicit lyrics version (I gave that five stars, a MUST buy).
 B000AA7B4I-376 POSITIVO  The material of the album is amazing. The CDs themselves didn't have scratches and play perfectly, the only problem I had was the way the case was treated. There was a sratch/break in the case, even though it was brand new though. Ordered one day shipping and they met my expectations with that as well.
 B000AA7B4I-377 POSITIVO  On this album, Eminem actually has things to rap about that make sense and alot of the songs are more serious instead of clowning around about twisted and demented topics.The only drawbacks to Eminem's progression are:- "Kim" may be Marshall Mathers venting about his ex-wife but I don't consider this music. I don't even consider it entertainment frankly and I'm surprised so many people say this is one of Eminem's best songs. This track sounds like a soundbyte that you'd find in a movie where a psychotic murderer kidnaps someone and takes them out to be executed; it BARELY resembles a song structure.- a couple songs like "Amityville", "Under the Influence", and "The Kids" are below par; "Drug Ballad" is mediocre.- the skits are pointlessD-12 doesn't really do anything to help the songs in my opinion, but all the other guest artists on the album (including Dido's clip) boost the song.All in all, definitely a huge step forward in the right direction for Eminem's career.
 B000AA7B4I-378 POSITIVO  is a great cd. the music is fun and enjoyable to listen to. the best tracks on this cd aretracks.2. Kill You5. Who Knew8. The Real Slim Shady9. Remember Me?10. I'm Back11. Marshall Mathers14. Amityville17. Under Te Ifluenceif you hyave not listened to this cd before then i recommend you do
 B000AA7B4I-379 POSITIVO  If you're looking for 18 doses of &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, you're bound to be a little disappointed by this album. There are many funny moments on the Marshall Mathers LP to be sure. In particular, the Ken Kaniff skit has me rolling every time. But compared to the Slim Shady disc, this album is much angrier, and most of the songs lack the immediate hooks of his debut.Give it some time though, and this album will grow on you. Songs like &quot;Stan&quot;, in which Eminem assumes the persona of a deranged fan, show he is maturing, if ever so slightly. He also sports a dead-on, hilarious mocking of LFO in &quot;Marhsall Mathers&quot;. You might hate Eminem with all your guts, but you cannot deny that he is a supremely talented and funny lyricist.
 B000AA7B4I-380 POSITIVO  I think this CD is really good, i love Eminem and its one of the 5 Rap CDs i have. I'm usually more of a rock/punk/ska fan like blink ect.... but i really enjoy eminem i LOVE the track &quot;Rock Botton&quot; off of his first CD and i LOVE &quot;Stan&quot; off of this one. i like them beacuse it shows that not all rappers rap about chicks and guns and stuff. I think &quot;Rock Bottom&quot; makes a really good point and even my mom likes it (and she doesnt exactly LOVE rap) and &quot;stan&quot; is good just cuz it shows the singers opinion/side of the whole &quot;obbsession&quot; deal, to let the fans know how the singer feels about the way the fan acts, i mean come on if this is how Em feels think how the members of the boy bands must feel with the 11 yr old stlkers!
 B000AA7B4I-381 POSITIVO  ...The man has ten times the skill of most of the moet drinkin ladies men and pretend thugs out there. With songs like &quot;Kill You&quot; which is a warning to all the rappers, critics and his mom, he shows that he is lyrically spectacular (I invented violence you vile venomous volitile vicious vain Vicadin ving ving ving)while letting you know that he is raw as hell. My personel favorites on the album are 'B. Please' with Xzibit, Snoop and Dre, 'Stan' an excellent story about an obsessive fan and 'Marshall Mathers' in which Eminem wonders aloud why &quot;Everybody wants to run their mouths and try to take shots at me&quot;. Dr. Dre's production is as tight as usual and Eminem shows some diversity as he produces some of his own tracks as well. His guest rappers D12 suffer from trying to be a little too much like him but they also have skills. Overall a ridiculous album. BUY IT NOW!lic Service Annoucement). Bottom line, get this CD. It's for new and old Eminem fans alike. It's funny, phat, has great lyrics, tells the truth about music today, and of course tells the tales of a man named Marshall Mathers. It flows 99% of the time, and only leaves listeners left short on tracks like &quot;Remember Me?&quot; and &quot;Amityville&quot;. (Opinion of course)... I can't tell you which tracks you'll like and which you wont but bottom line (like stated before) is: For the real fans who have been following Em's work for awhile now, and also for the fans who have just recently caught onto this young man's fabulous work and his great addition to the rap/hip-hop world who will probably only buy the CD for &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; will like it as well. If that's good or bad, I don't know, but either way everybody is going to have a good LP in their hands after paying their 15 bucks. So put one finger on each hand up and be proud to be out of your mind and out of control and one more time play the whole CD through. (Oh yeah...If you don't like my opinion then refer to the song &quot;Under The Influence) Thanks..
 B000AA7B4I-382 POSITIVO  ALthough i am a rock fan (i only have 2 other rap CDs), i must say, this is one of the best cds i have ever heard. Everysong has is a new song, no song sounds the same. Track #3 Stan, is one of the best songs i have ever heard. This truly shows his sensative side, and is just a great song. WEll done.
 B000AA7B4I-383 POSITIVO  This album totally rocks with a great beat and cool lyrics you cant go wrong... BUY IT!
 B000AA7B4I-384 POSITIVO  Its a dope disc w/awsome beats and complicated rhymes, most of which are beyond hysterics. Personally, I liked the style of the Slim Shady LP better, but only because I think the rhymes on the new LP may seem a little curt and kind of abrupt, but its still pretty ill. You definitely wanna go out n lift this one, it'll be the best thing you buy all year.
 B000AA7B4I-385 POSITIVO  Before I thought it was all hype, but this CD really is &quot;the bomb&quot;. Even better than the first album. Eminem's pushing it with his mad skills, phatter beats, crazier rhymes!
 B000AA7B4I-386 POSITIVO  Eminem, the Detroit-based rapper and Dr. Dre prot&eacute;g&eacute;, kicked off his career in spectacular fashion by shoving a stick of dynamite down the pants of popular culture. While specializing in vulgar, razor-tongued lyrical excursions designed to offend just about everyone, repeated listens to his debut, Slim Shady, revealed that beyond the barmy shock tactics there lurked an occasionally witty, sometimes not entirely despicable artist.That small achievement must not have sat entirely well with Eminem, who goes completely nuts on his sophomore release, The Marshall Mathers LP. While the essence remains the same -- snotty, rapid-fire raps delivered over Dre's surrealistic funk -- the words are now injected with a new industrial strength venom that make the last album seem like Hanson's Christmas disc.Eminem not only takes spiked shots at his enemies (former lover Kim Scott, Insane Clown Posse) and MTV peers (Christina Aguilera, 'NSync, Britney Spears), he turns his incredibly offensive vitriol on sacred cows including paralyzed actor Christopher Reeve and late fashion designer Gianni Versace. And in a move certain to turn the delicate balance of the hip-hop world on its head, he even suggests bedding Puff Daddy's girlfriend, Jennifer Lopez. The man is fearless.&quot;On this sea, on this earth, and since birth / I've been cursed, with this curse,&quot; he raps on the so-confessional-it-hurts &quot;The Way I Am.&quot; Indeed, if these words were coming out of anyone else's mouth they would seem obscene. But Eminem has an innocence and eloquence to his craft that is truly inexplicable. It makes lines like, &quot;Since this chainsaw left his brains all / danglin' from his neck, while his head barely hangs on,&quot; from &quot;Kill You,&quot; sound riveting and perversely funny. Guilty pleasures rarely get as good as this.
 B000AA7B4I-387 POSITIVO  Calling all social degenerates, criminals and the psychologically unhinged - REJOICE, for you have an icon, and his name is Marshall! This album certainly has IMPACT! The darkly comic theme which permeates this sophomore offering will have Middle American parents choking on their mega-burgers; with sinister, atmospheric production by Mel-man, Dre and Eminem himself. There is clear evidence of Eminem baring his soul as an artist, 'Who Knew' and 'Marshall Mathers' have a distinctly carthartic air. But don't despair Shady fans - Em remains as lyrically uncompromising as ever, with MTV presenters, Britney Spears, N-Sync and Christina Aguilera all impaled on the sharp end of his forked tongue. The one major gripe would be that the 'less than special' tracks are exceptionally bad and as such, are detrimental to the production as a whole. However, collaborations with Em's own posse D12 and various others from Dre's stable supplement an already spectacular album. Personal favourites include 'Marshall Mathers' and 'Drug Ballad', a marvellously eclectic depiction of the personal turmoil of drug addiction set against fine production by Dre. And for all the macabre, gothic, social misfits amongst you Em offers descriptive tales of murder, suicide and downright maniacal tendencies on the ominous 'Kim' and disturbing 'Stan'. In fact, the only social groups who wouldn't find something to appreciate here would be parents and homosexuals, to whom Em maintains a relentless tirade of denigration and disgust. ...e a perfect combination, reminiscent of Dr. Dre and Snoop in the &quot;Chronic&quot; days. &quot;Kill You&quot;, &quot;Who Knew&quot;, &quot;I'm Back&quot; and &quot;Remember Me&quot; w/RBX and Sticky Fingaz are all classics from the Dr. Dre and Melman production boards. &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; are also tight. The two best tracks, on the CD, however are B Please II w/Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg, and Xzibit and &quot;Stan&quot; w/Dido. On &quot;B Please 2&quot; Eminem shows that he can flow with the 2 of the West's best, Snoop Dogg and Xzibit. &quot;Stan&quot; is one of Eminem's most creative tracks. It's about one of Eminem's fans that writes him letters, comparing him to Eminem's so called life. For the first three verses, Eminem tells Stan's side of the story, and each verse as they go on comes with more rage than the other. The last verse has Eminem telling Stan about getting his life together and to separate &quot;Slim Shady&quot; from Eminem. Don't always believe in everything you hear. This CD is a classic for true hip hop fans, some people, however, might not be able to tolerate all the lyrics.
 B000AA7B4I-388 POSITIVO  Eminems desire to become a serious member in the rap game has come through as he shows all sides to his ability. This is a full album with various styles and flows that show a full array of head noddin. But, when will real hip-hop come back! No gimmicks, no controversy just pure lyrics and beats.
 B000AA7B4I-389 POSITIVO  Eminem is greatest whiteboy rapper ever. he better than buddy spark or another jerk.Hits like The Real Slim Shady, I'm Back,Stan, The Way I Am and Criminal. I give it 5 out of 5.
 B000AA7B4I-390 POSITIVO  Let me just write a little prequel to my review. Don't immediately think that I am that corny guy who worships anything Em does. In fact, I think he should be put in jail for what he did on the latest Pac release and G-unit is the worst thing that happened to hip-hop since Vanilla Ice. However, this is a true jewel that should not be slept on.This is the album that turned Em into a huge sensation that he is now. This is the album, that allows Eminem to release unbelievable crap like "Encore" nowadays and still have people buying it. This is the album that got me into rap.Before "The Marshall Mathers LP" Em had "The Slim shady LP " which was alright and his underground LP "Ifinite" which was pretty good, however lacking the world-famous Slim Shady persona. The Slim Shady LP goes triple platinum and Em becomes an overnight celebrity. This album is the reaction of a young white rapper cornered by fame, a lyrical "Up yours" to all the critics and other people who threw obstacles in his life path.But what makes it a masterpeace is the lyrical flow. Em throws jaw-dropping rhymes, mad flavour and phat metaphors on every bar. Whether he is being funny:"Willl Smith doesn't have to cus in his raps to sell recordswell I do, so f*** him and f*** you too" or he is dead serious:"When a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his schooland they blame it on Marilyn ... and the heroinWhere were the parents at? And look where it's atMiddle America, now it's a tragedyNow it's so sad to see, an upper class ci-tyhavin this happenin ...Em always delivers. The beats are of course tight because of the man behind them (c'mon, Dre even makes Game's CD worth listening).Of course this album has every church-going catholic across America have his mouth filled with foam. This album is filled with violent images such as killing his wife or raping his mother, but it is because Em dares to exploit the freedom of speech to its fullest. And when he dares he doesn't just do it boldly in order for his album to top the record sales, he incorporates these bold anger-lashing statements in his state-of-the-art rhymes over tight beats.Unfortunately, we won't ever see or hear Eminem like this. He got stinking ritch after this album and lost his longing for good rhymes or for limit-pushing controversy. Maybe it is for good, because this crafted masterpiece can't ever be outdone notby Em himself, not by anybody else.
 B000AA7B4I-391 POSITIVO  Firstly I hate rap always have I say ROCK and ROLL baby. But this is different this guy is an artist, I mean he could just read his lyrics out loud without even having music in the background. I love it because he speaks the truth in a way most people don't these days. There are some tracks where I just can't stop laughing and others where I can actually relate.
 B000AA7B4I-392 POSITIVO  When Eminem first arrived on the scene, I, like many, didn't take him seriously. When I first heard "My Name Is", I thought that Vanilla Ice had been resurrected, but that was far from the truth. The Slim Shady LP was a brief look in to the life and times of Marshall Mathers, from husband, father and aspiring rapper. Though the content wasn't for the faint of heart, it was refreshing to hear musically and lyrically duing the birth of hip hop's "bling bling era". His next album, The Marshall Mathers LP, would turn the world on its ear, not only musically, but commercially, selling nearly 2 million in its first week. This is easily Dr. Dre's best production work since Snoop Dogg's undeniable classic, Doggystyle. If you didn't like what Em had to say on his first album,stop reading now. There are songs with refences to homophobia(Marshall Mathers,I'm Back),killing his wife and the mother of his child(Kim)and trashy rumors(The Real Slim Shady). Some of pop's music's top dogs get trashed on I'm Back and The Real Slim Shady. There are some standout songs though, like Remember Me with Sticky Fingaz and RBX, Bitch Please II with Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg,Xzibit and Nate Dogg, and of course, Stan, about a deranged fan who takes his obsession with Slim over the edge. Though the album stumbles a bit with Criminal and Under The Influence(featuring D-12, who's mere presence brings down ANY album), this is more than worthy to take up space in your CD collection. My only problem is that(which I know has been said countlessly over the last couple of years)the reason why Eminem is praised so highly for his skills and sells so may records is beause he is white. I know that he has had to prove himself twice as hard to get respect, but he has reaped twice the credit, which is unfair to all the great black lyricists that have come before him and influenced him(Big Daddy Kane, Rakim, KRS-ONE,2Pac, The Notorious B.I.G, Kool G. Rap) and the great ones out know(Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Black Thought, Xzibit, Ras Kass, Nas, Jay-Z, Method Man, Redman, Keith Murray, Outkast, etc). It's hilarious to me to hear white rock and pop fans that proclaim this as the greatest rap album fo all time, yet know jack about the music; if they hadn't already known, hip hop had been around for twenty years before Eminem arrived on the scene; go do your homework.
 B000AA7B4I-393 POSITIVO  I have to say that i really love this c.d. My favourite song would have to be the fab &quot;Stan&quot;. If you haven't heard it, buy a copy of the c.d NOW!
 B000AA7B4I-394 POSITIVO  First off I don't like rap. Never have. However, for Eminiem I make a real exception. Why?He takes the criticism that he gets and raps about it. If people would stop yelling, complaining and criticising him he probably wouldn't sell anymore albums. The more people cry, complain, yell, the more ammo you are giving him. Keep blasting him, the more he'll blast away.Call him a gay basher, he goes on stage with Elton John. Call him anti-white and anti-rock, he goes on stage with Marilyn Manson.People are taking his rap way way too seriously. He looks at things that go on in society. He looks back upon his child-hood, and raps about it.If he'd been raised in a rich family with stable parents, and came out with a Christian Album talking about happiness, good families, and solid life, no-one would care!I think that if a kid sends letter to gay support groups, or commits suicide it CANNOT be simply because he listend to this rap, or that heavy metal. If someone does commit suicide then someone has been missing signs for a long long time. If a kid sends a letter to a gay group don't blame Eminem. Those thoughts were already there. Those ideas were in their heads already.In his albums he says that people shouldn't follow what he says. He tells listeners that he's saying things that aren't right.Finally. Grow up people. Take responsiblity for you own actions. Don't go crying because a rap artist is saying things that you don't like. Grow up people. Go talk to and listen to your child. Find out what they're doing when they're at school, and after they get home. Find out what kind of music they are listening to. Ask them what kind of thoughts that they are having. Introducing yourselves to their friends. Check into what kind of books and magazines they are reading.Don't just blame a rap artist or a magazine.
 B000AA7B4I-395 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP is the one Hardcore rap fans must have. It is probably the best but very offensive. For those who can't take the offensive music should not listen it and write that his music is garbage (yeah, i'm talkin to you haters....)See, this album is just that good enough to be controversial. it explains all Eminem's irrational behaviours and jokes for some stereotypes thinkin only black can rap. Plus the album influenced the society with his superb music.Track ReviewPublic Service Announcement - I think this is hilarious. Usually, i skip the interlude but this one is short but funny.Kill You - This song is tight but not one of my favourite track, i give it 4/5Stan - Most commercialised song out of this album, i reckon but i don't like this song much, it's 4/5Paul - Track filler but it's all good...Who Knew - Most people would find THIS SONG offensive but the beats and Em's lyrics are tight. 4.5/5Steve Berman - I found it bored but when you hear background music, you should listen it.The Way I am - One of highlight because Eminem wrote it by himself, plus this song is emotional. i think i'm sick of it though so i give it 4.5/10The Real Slim Shady - Now this song is the very first song by Eminem i heard and i loved it. the beat was catchy, his lyrics were funny and the clip was hilarious. i bought the album because of this song. it's 5/5Remember Me - I didn't like this song at first but if you listen it, it's damn good. i especially liked Sticky Fingaz's verse but still 3.5/5I'm Back - Funny beat with great lyrics, you gotta give it 5/5...Marshall Mathers - the beat is mediocre but the lyrics are tight. i give it 4/5..Kent Kaniff - Y'know, every tracks that feature Ken is hilarious but it's OBSCENE. i think this was funny....Drug Ballad - This is one of my favourite song. i give it 5/5...Amityville - The only downfall of this track is the verse by Bizarre. 4/5Bitch Please - Gangsta rap is the best description you can give it for this song. but i listened it too much so i give it 4.5/5Kim - Song about beatin his wife. only a few like this song. 2.5/5Under The Influence - Damn, this song is hot. Every verses by D-12 are dope, even verse of Bizarre. surprisingly good. 5/5Criminal - Only thing is i can say about this song is hilarious and give it 4.5/5...There you go, People really shouldn't make a big deal out of Eminem's potty mouth but his artistic point of view in this world. For those who are true music fan, i recommend this 100%
 B000AA7B4I-396 POSITIVO  The critics are blaming Eminem for kids actions and the rebellant teenagers. If you are not to mature enough to listen to some rap and know when someone is joking and being serious, you've got some growing up to do. This album is not like the first one "The Slim Shady LP", he poked fun at the world and all of the wrong things in more of a darked way instead of playful beats and lyrics like the first album. Admit it or not, Eminem has some of the best rhymes and lyrics in the industry right now. He makes words that doesnt rhyme and make it sound rhyming and does it naturally unlike some rappers whoo just does it to make them look good. Dr. Dre's beats are bangin, they are not too flashy like the Down South raps but they are good, solids, beats. D12 made their first appearance on this CD. "Under The Influence", D12 displayed their lyrical skills and Bizzaare showed why he is called Bizzaare. Again, some people might find his sick, perverted style offensive and bad influence but if you are not mature enough to know if he is just playing, you need to just stay away from rap albums.Lyrics: A+Production: A+Delivery: AOverall: A+
 B000AA7B4I-397 POSITIVO  Hey, I almost bought this CD here but then I found its cheaper at WWW.TheDVDMall.com
 B000AA7B4I-398 POSITIVO  1. PSA 200 Don't Rate Skits2. Kill You (9.5/10)3. Stan f/ Dido (10/10)4. Paul skit5. Who Knew (8/10)6. Steve Berman skit7. The Way I Am (10/10)8. The Real Slim Shady (10/10)9. Remember Me? f/ RBX, Sticky Fingaz (10/10)10. I'm Back (9/10)11. Marshall Mathers (10/10)12. Ken Kaniff skit13. Drug Ballad (10/10)14. Amityville f/ Bizzare (10/10)15. B Please II f/ Dr.Dre, Xzibit, Snoop Dogg,Nate Dogg (10/10)16. Kim (9/10)17. Under The Influence f/ D-12 (10/10)18. Criminal (10/10)
 B000AA7B4I-399 POSITIVO  Eminem... Love him or hate him, you've just got to respect him. Most of his works on this one are angry and loud, and every rap has a point. My favorite: Kim. I love the beat and it may seem kinda, um,well... you'll see. ( It's a guilty pleasure!) You can just get lost in the raps, and sometimes you'll swear he talking about you, not him. Just listen, and you'll see what I mean.
 B000AA7B4I-400 POSITIVO  This cd is phat as hell. IF you have a taste at least for rap or a rap fanatic, this is a must have album. It really speaks something to the rapping generation.
 B000AA7B4I-401 POSITIVO  I can't really defend Eminem and his lyrics, but it is still a great CD. I can't really say why because his songs can be offensive but the music is great. You don't have to love Eminem to love the album!
 B000AA7B4I-402 POSITIVO  I liked eminem since he first came out.look if your are trying to find a good cd you got to pick &quot;The Marshal Matheres lp&quot; it is the bomb. No other rapper is as good as shady. this is all i got to say, so you better buy it, if not you are gonna miss alot!
 B000AA7B4I-403 POSITIVO  I liked eminem since he first came out.look if your are trying to find a good cd you got to pick &quot;The Marshal Matheres lp&quot; it is the bomb. No other rapper is as good as shady. this is all i got to say, so you better buy it, if not you are gonna miss alot!
 B000AA7B4I-404 POSITIVO  It's hard to believe, but this white guy is the best rapper on the planet. His writing, rhyming and creativity are unequaled. It's so nice to have an artist that I truely love to listen to again.I laughed repeatedly and actually got goose bumps after hearing &quot;Stan&quot;.Best album in any genre in a long time.
 B000AA7B4I-405 POSITIVO  my name is kasey miles from Knoxville,Tennessee. I went out and bought the new cd Marshall Mathers LP. I really like this cd alot. It has great lyrics. Alot of them i can relate to.I have both cd's know and I really like marshall's music alot.I think his music and DR.DRE's is alot alike. In some ways. THose to rappers are really all that I like. I can relate to a bunch of the lyrics In marshall's cd's. And it takes alot to get up on stage and sing about your life. And I greatly appreciate marshall for doing that. Thats what makes me like alot of his music.He sings about all of the real stuff and he doesn't front. I hope that he keeps on rapping and comes out with another album. Keep your head up marshall and keep working hard.
 B000AA7B4I-406 NEUTRO  Once apon a time (not so very long ago at all) you heard a song on the radio, found out it was a #1 ranking song, and could go to the store (or Amazon!) and buy it on an incredibly overpriced single. But that was fine, because you had your song you liked, and didn't have 16 some others you couldn't stand, like you'd end up with if only a full album were available. Well, song singles are becoming extinct and now we are all, more often than not, faced with the perplexing question 'to buy the entire album or not?' In Eminem's case with this album, it's a shame I must say it, but I'll have to pass. I adore 'The Real Slim Shady.' I think is shows pure ingenuity and talent. And I don't mind the profanity or the people bashing, but there is one song on this album, one I have not seen one complimentary comment made by any reviewer (thankfully) that makes it impossible for me to even consider buying it for myself - 'Kim'.
 B000AA7B4I-407 NEGATIVO  I heard this CD when it first came out, and was... well, disturbed. If you thought his first album was bad, wait till you get a load of this. However it is not without its merits. &quot;Stan&quot; is a pretty good song. For all those who got a kick out of his previous album, this one is for you. For the more sane among us, I suggest you skip this CD and purchase something not quite so... weird.
 B000AA7B4I-408 POSITIVO  This cd rocks! Eminem raps his feeling, disses everyone you can think of, and has some cool guests like Dido, D-12, Dr.Dre, Snoop Dog, Nate Dog, and X- Zibit. He has some rad tracks, and if you're mom doesn't want you to listen to swears, there are hardly any swears! THIS CD ROCKS!
 B000AA7B4I-409 POSITIVO  This hasn't been the top-selling CD in America for a while for no reason whatsoever. It is truly one of the greatest rap CDs to come out in quite awhile, the only other one that even gives it a run for its money is Dre's 2001. Eminem simply has one of the greatest gifts for lyrics that rap has seen recently.I love this album for many reasons, but most of all because there is so much contained within it. Every time I listen to it, I pick up on some new nuance or lyric that I didn't quite fully understand before. Eminem has the gift that so many of our great artists of word have which is the ability to pack as many different meanings and complex thoughts into as few words as possible.This album is in some ways similar to Slim Shady in that it is a collection of songs thinking about similar subjects, but where this one stands out is in the diversity of songs. There are simply more and different styles of beats as well as topics on here than there were on the first album.There are really some great songs on here. The best of course and what many people consider to be the best is &quot;Stan&quot; This self-referential look at fame and those who idolize stars is quite interesting and very thought provoking at the same time. Of course there is the first single &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; which has gotten so much coverage because of its rips on so many famous celebrities, but it is truly a nice piece of work, and has a beat that just sticks in the back of your mind. &quot;Kill You&quot; is a very angry song with a lot of emotion tied in to it. And the CD rounds out with a nice collection of just great flows, &quot;Kim&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot; and &quot;Under the Influence&quot;Overall this is a great piece of work and I highly recommend it to anyone who has an interest in rap.
 B000AA7B4I-410 NEGATIVO  First off, let me say I respect Eminem because he truly is a musical genius. He is smart and has definite talent as a rapper. That said, listening to this CD is like watching a horror movie. It's very depressing and has scary sounding songs. He has two songs (Kill You and Kim) that are about killing women, and in Kim the particular woman is his wife. Other songs include Stan, the story of a obsessed fan who writes to Eminem (Which is the highlight of the album), and has a beautifully sung chorus by Dido. The Way I Am is a message to the critics and anti-Eminem population. The Real Slim Shady is just a way to get his various views on life across to his audience. I personally feel his previous CD, The Slim Shady LP, is a much better piece of work because I feel the songs are less angry and easier to listen to. If you like both rock and rap (i.e. you love Limp Bizkit and you love Dr.Dre), most likely you'll like this CD. I wouldn't recommend it to somebody who has only heard The Real Slim Shady, as that is really the only radio friendly song on the album.
 B000AA7B4I-411 POSITIVO  Eminem's sophomore album shows himat his present peak of creativity and his deepest demons. In the midst of all the surrounding controversy about his brutal lyrics and twisted ideas, &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; stands out not only to piss mom and dad off, but to make you think about how the world is run and laugh at it.In other words, he is Marilyn Manson (who actually appears in one of his videos) for the shock value of his rhymes, and the next moment, he's Kurt Vonnegut for his vulgar sarcasms poking fun at modern day America and how it's run. However, Eminem is his own being, leading listeners down a twisting road of thoughts.He begins it with &quot;Kill You,&quot; with simple Dr. Dre minimalist beat, giving the listeners a brief taste of how awful his childhood was with his mother, and then goes towards his dislikes of certain people (ICP, Mom, moral-minded critics) and finally into his own self-hating demons. &quot;You better kill me,&quot; he says repeatidly. It echoes the chorus &quot;My Name Is,&quot; only turning up the bitterness level at others other than himself by a hundred degrees.The song fades into &quot;Stan,&quot; one of the more frightning/compulsive songs on the album, and probably one of the most artistic, showing that Eminem is TRULY an incredible rapper, turning a series of letters from an obsessive fan into a flowing rhyme. With the help of a Dido sample in the background, we hear the story of an obsessive fan, Stan, whose whole life is revolved around Slim Shady, and will do anything to be his friend. When you listen to it, you can't to notice how pathetic Stan is, but at the same time, you recognize him from the first minute because there's a part of all of us who'd love to be with some kind of celebrity.But what begins as a song that shows a fan's ulitmate devotion turns into quick madness once Slim doesn't write back to any of Stan's fanmail. Stan begins to despise him, hate him, hopes his &quot;Conscience eats him,&quot; rapping and screaming at the same time, until it reaches the point where he's become suicidal, taking his innocent girlfriend and himself to crash into a bridge, ultimately to drown in the river.It's a shock to all first-time listeners, who were just expecting a fan letter.&quot;Who Knew,&quot; the next track, is more of an explanation of why Eminem is doing what he's doing; &quot;I don't do black music/I don't do white music/I make fight music for high school kids,&quot; he says, showing that he isn't someone who's just out there to make money, but to make you aware of things, both awful and hilarious. &quot;The Way I Am,&quot; is more of a continuation of this, but instead of talking about why he's doing it, he raps about how much he's sick of all of this publicity: in other words--Just leave me alone and let me do music. The most radio-friendly track, &quot;The Real Slim Shady,&quot; is his sarcastic look at the modern music scene, targetting pop princesses, boy groups, MTV lovers, even himself; it's music video showing a factory of brainless Eminem drones, doing exactly what he'd do without much else.Perhaps the best track on here is &quot;Amityville,&quot; which I'm sure the Detroit Tourism Board (if there is one) hates like hell. In it, Eminem talks about his hatred for his Motor City hometown, liking it to a blood-covered, insane assylum/horror house, where &quot;You could be capped just after having your cavity filled.&quot; Bizarre, part of his back-up rapper crew D-12, adds incest and homophobia to it, truly making the track into a wretching, pulsating song where there is no escape. Dr. Dre lends a hand in this too with &quot;Bitch Please II,&quot; giving it a gangsta flavor that you would hear on Dre's &quot;2001&quot; album. But once Eminem is given the mic in the song, he turns it from gangsta to insane, focusing instead on ghetto reality like Dre and his rappers to his own sick and twisted ideas.Okay, here's the one that you've all been waiting for: &quot;Kim.&quot; Okay, you have to admit it, this song will shock ANYONE. Can you think of someone who wrote a song which described how they were going to kill their (now ex for good reason) wife? I can't. This song will guarantee to make anyone cringe, with Em taking wife Kim out into the woods to slice her throat, describing and inpersonating every moment of it. &quot;You were supposed to love me!!!&quot; he screams as his wife bleeds to death in the backgound.At this moment, he truly shows how far his mind thinks in the way of how far his hatreds go. It not only shows how honest he is about how he feels, but also about how much angst and hatred there is in Marshall Mathers mind towards the world.The fact of the matter is this--this album is good. Although it maybe a little nausiating for first-time listeners who aren't familuar with his work, it's guaranteed to make you laugh, make you scream, make you dizzy, make you grit your teeth and make you think.
 B000AA7B4I-412 POSITIVO  with out a though eminem is one of the most vicious battle rappers to step into the game, his sadistic sence of humor, lack of moral, and split personalities help boost him to legendary status within years. this album is the highlight of his battle rapping career. from will smith to Insane clown posse. eminem lets it all hang out. althouhg his album doesnt touch the bases of horrorcore, the vulgarity level gives that feel. this guy was so raw they actually cut off n replaced over 10 versese. hate em or love him any true hip hop fan, can see the revolution in which took place here. besides 2 pac, eminem spoke the truth in every detail.
 B000AA7B4I-413 POSITIVO  The album is gritty, dark humored, aggressive and most of all shocking all the way, oh! don't forget hardcore. There hasn't been a rap album that was so vicious like marshall mathers lp since Ice Cube first two albums(Amerikkkas Most Wanted and Death Certificate). This album isn't for anyone who are easy listeners.
 B000AA7B4I-414 POSITIVO  I still remember what i was doing when i first heard this album on my cd player, i was in the back of my uncle's van, headed from sac 2 la, and the song that wasnt being played enough(the real slim shady)was the song i was headed 2 but damn, i got stuck on Stan, cuz that track was and still is eminem's best track ever, anybody who has respect 4 rap, hip hop, or music in general likes that song, or can at least respect it. this album was dope, but coming off of The Real Slim Shady LP, i was a bit disapointed, but i understand that this was The Marshall Mathers LP, and it was clearly defirent, seeing as he wasnt slim shady i understood that the music was headed towards serios over funny, the album was dope lyricly, and the beats where kool, even em inpressed me, back when i was 14-15 i thought the whole album was produced by dre, but when i found out like 2 moths ago who did what i thought the way I Am was a hella good track, not knowing it was done by em, and the other good or great tracks are Bittch Please part2, all in all a good album, it could be great or a little worse depending on what eminem album u just came off of.
 B000AA7B4I-415 POSITIVO  This is, In my choice, Slim's best album, If you're a fan, You must buy, When I bought this album, I listened to it, I'd say everyday for about a year, And, Well, I still listen to it, To this day, One of my all time favorite's..So yes, Should you buy?Yes, You should, You will love it, Maybe as much as I did. =D
 B000AA7B4I-416 POSITIVO  This is considered Eminem's masterpiece by many critics and with such highly acclaimed(or hated) songs as "Kim", "Stan" and "The Real Slim Shady" it's very understandable. This is also the album that made him a megastar swimming in controversy stemming from well publicized fueds with his mom, wife Kim, critics and just about everyone in the music industry. "Stan", cleverly using a Dido sample for the chorus, is written from an obsessed fan's point of view with Em reading Stan's fan mail and hearing his descent into homicidal madness progress with each letter. Another concept that has never been done is "Kim", a prequal to THE SLIM SHADY LP's "'97 Bonnie & Clyde" where we are taken on a vivid journey of the kidnapping and very graphic murder of his real life wife Kim. Shock has never been a more valuble tool than in this song. There are also plenty of jabs at everyone from 'Nsync and Christina Aguilera to Insane Clown Posse on songs like "The Real Slim Shady" and others. The production ranges from outstanding to less than par for this record, but with Em's incredible rymes and storytelling abilities even the lamest beat could be turned into a classic song.
 B000AA7B4I-417 POSITIVO  Excellent. I love "Stan," "The Way I am," "Drug Ballad," "Amittyville," and "Kim" (or "The Kids.") I don't know what else to say...Hilarious at times, and others pretty serious and true lyrics.
 B000AA7B4I-418 POSITIVO  I love this album! This is my favorite of all of them. I picked this up after falling in love with The Eminem Show back in '02.1. PSA 2000 - funnier than the announcement on the first album; this is a split-second long without any message on the edited album.2. Kill You - talks about killing you if you (...) with him. 9/103. Stan - you have all heard this song. 9/104. Paul (Skit) - Paul sends a message to Em about how bad this album is; (I don't rate skits)5. Who Knew - talks about how he writes music for everybody, not just for Blacks for just for Whites and talks about how he never knew he would be this successful. 10/106. Steve Berman (Skit) - tells Eminem how vulgar this album is and that they can't sell it.7. The Way I Am - ya'll heard this song before. 10/108. The Real Slim Shady - ya'll heard this one too. 10/109. Remember Me (feat. RBX and Sticky Fingaz) - hot collabo with two rappers I have not heard from in the longest time. 10/1010. I'm Back - tells everybody that he's back. 10/1011. Marshall Mathers - talks about how he feels about certain things; and if you wonder what he says in that censored line, he says "Your attorney Fred Gibson's a f---ot"; best song on the album. 500/1012. Ken Kaniff (Skit)13. Drug Ballad - a party song about gettin' high. 9.5/1014. Amityville (feat. Bizarre from D-12) - an extremely funny song; should have included the whole group. 10/1015. Bitch Please 2 (feat. Dr. Dre, Xzibit, Nate Dogg and Snoop Dogg) - sequel to Snoop Dogg's highly succesful single "Bitch Please", but not as great a song. 9/1016. Kim - song about threatening to kill his ex-wife; this is NOT on the edited album, which is replaced by a South Park-humored song called "The Kids". 10/1017. Under the Influence (feat. D-12) - the group is really funny on this song and Eminem tells people if they don't like him, they can suck his you-know-what. 10/1018. Criminal - talks about how he is a criminal and that he hates the world. 10/10
 B000AA7B4I-419 POSITIVO  This CD maybe hardcore, but it is probably Em's best that I've listened to. There are really good songs on this CD including: "Criminal," "Under the Influence," "Stan," "Marshall Mathers," "The Way I Am," and the best song on it, "The Real Slim Shady." Though I don't think songs such as "Kill You" and "Amityville" don't deserve to be called hits like "The Way I Am" or "The Real Slim Shady." It may be inappropriate, but the CD does deserve to be called a hit.
 B000AA7B4I-420 POSITIVO  The darkest of Eminem's three albums. Though a little immature at times, he lives up to his poterntial
 B000AA7B4I-421 POSITIVO  'The Marshall Mathers LP' by Eminem is a great rap album and a must buy if you are a fan of the genre.While this album is very good,its not as entertaining,funny or as good as the 'Slim Shady LP'.This is the album that made Eminem really popular with massive album sales and chart topping hits.I still recomend you buy the 'Slim Shady LP'first though.That is by far his greatest album.
 B000AA7B4I-422 NEUTRO  Well if u r one of those ppl hu love violent rap lyrics. this is 4 u. Im not one of those ppl but i still think this album is well presented. i like how eminem is prooud of being white instead of just trying to be black
 B000AA7B4I-423 POSITIVO  I bought eminem's cd marshall mathers lp and I liked it. I like eminem's songs he is open minded and he tells things the way they are. You shouldn't take the stuff he says seriously. I think he is a very good and talented singer.Edited May 14, 2011: I've never looked back at reviews I made until today where I discovered this one. My daughter had a good practical joke on me because I can't stand Eminem's music. She however loves it and I'm sure 11 years later would still give 5 stars. Me, I wouldn't give 1. It's just not my style.
 B000AA7B4I-424 POSITIVO  This CD is so cool. When I first got this CD I couldn't stop listening to it. I never got tired of it and Im not tired of it yet. The lyrics on this album are ok but thats Eminem's life and how he feels. Thats better then him goin out and actually doin the stuff he says on tha album. He is just givin his opinion on the world and stuff. This CD has some phat beats. If u are offended easily by lyrics I suggest u get the edited version of this CD.
 B000AA7B4I-425 POSITIVO  Yes, i don't own this but i borrow this alot from my sister. Eminem is one of only four rappers i like. Eminem is one of the most well known rappers today, and behinde his swearing and vulgarness he is really talented. The good thing about eminem is that his songs aren't forgettable, and he grabs my attention. This is my favourite eminem album because its his darkest, sadest, and most mature album in my opinion. My favourite tracks are KILL YOU because it has a nice beat and he has excellent angry lyrics. I also like STAN which shows his true talent as a song writer. I also like THE WAY I AM which also has angry lyrics. The main reason why i like him is because of his lyrics. Another song i like is CRIMINAL which is less dark and more bouncy with a catchy tune. The songs i don't like are THE REAL SLIM SHADY because it was overplayed and still is played alot, and the lyrics are bad. Another song i don't like is REMEMBER ME which features a guy called REX and STICKY FINGAZ. Overall i think its a great album. The main reason why i like him is because i can relate to some of his songs and i love his lyrics, and his voice can be annoying at times but its mostly good. This is a great album to get though its not for the faint hearted. It has very depressing lyrics. The most depressing song would have to be KIM which is mainly a song with just eminem screaming and yelling at kim(wife) about how she slept with another man or something. The song is great but its mainly just yelling to music. Lyricswise this also is my favourite eminem album. I much prefer metal, so please note that if i like this, than it must be very good. So for the lyrics 5+ stars and for the music 4 stars. The key tracks on this album are STAN, THE WAY I AM, and THE REAL SLIM SHADY. All i all great album, a must get if you like rap. THANK YOU FOR READING.
 B000AA7B4I-426 POSITIVO  Eminem is truly in his prime on this record. His rhymes as well as those of his collaborators are very very good, and the beats are very appropriate. Very few hip hop artists can match the intensity seen on songs like "Kim" or "The Way I Am". And if you share his sense of humor, tracks such as "Amityville", "Kill You", or "Remember Me?" will make your sides ache. I was also impressed when I learned that he played guitar on som of his songs ("Marshall Mathers" comes to mind). In my opinion, this is one of the best albums of this generation; definitely worth a listen to say the least.
 B000AA7B4I-427 POSITIVO  OK im not one of those fake "im going to start off by telling you.. blah blah blah" critic guys.. im a real fan a DJ and a long time eminem fan.. not prep junk TRL fan n let me tell you this is one of Eminems best albums to this day... in it he introduces D12 his gang and swiftly gets attention buy saying anything to make mommy and daddy say "oh no little billys ears are going to fall off n he will grow up to be knowone or do something dumb" if you kid does something dumb its the parents fault not eminems he just has a great attention getting rap on everything he does.. he also follows through the best i have seen.. if he says something he doesnt back down and freak out of what he said cuz he ment it... i hope you see this before you buy the cd not some JUNK from preps n dumb people that dont like rap.. thanx peACE! -DJ AT5
 B000AA7B4I-428 POSITIVO  There's aren't many records around that require as much thought when reviewing as does "The Marshall Mathers LP". It seems that most people feel obligated to acknowledge the horrifyingly brutal images that Eminem conveys through this record in their reviews, seeing this as being irresponsible and ultimately taking away from the record. In reviewing the album simply as a work or art, I'd say that it is one of definingly excellent albums to come out in a long time. Not only are Eminem's raping abilities unprecedented, but this record has a great deal of variety, and some solid beats that you can really enjoy over and over again. I do, however, think that this records profanity will have an effect on many of it's listeners. One activist put it best as saying that most of Eminem's audience lacks the sophisication to understand his satire. It's a difficult situation, and I'm not sure where I stand. All I really know is that I love this album, but the fact that my pre-teen cousins listen to it worries me
 B000AA7B4I-429 POSITIVO  Even though the Grammy's did not recognize Eminem's "The Marshall Mathers LP" as Best Album. Ask anyone that listened to it if they were able to stop listening to this masterpiece. This album changed the way the mainstream viewed hip hop music. It may have had controversial tracks but a joint like "Stan" was never attempted in music until Eminem took the face of a desperate fan, in need and artistically expressed his position. Amazing.
 B000AA7B4I-430 POSITIVO  Okay, this is the first Eminem CD I've purchased. I did listen to "My Name Is" about a million times when it was overplayed by the radio stations before. And I recently watched "8 Mile" which was good. After seeing the Hollywood version of Eminem, I wanted to see why there was so much controversy over this guy. So I chose to buy the most infamous CD he had. "The Marshall Mathers LP" did not disappoint! There are MANY great tracks here, including "Stan", "Kill You", and "The Way I Am". I definitely recommend this as a good starter CD for new Eminem fans.Be forewarned however, like it has been discussed before, the track "Kim" is totally messed up. Has a catchy chorus that will stick in your head though. :-pAnyway, I'll be getting "The Eminem Show" next. See you then!
 B000AA7B4I-431 POSITIVO  The release of The Marshall Mathers LP must have driven a whole bunch of Eminem-haters crazy because, with this second album, Eminem proved he was here to stay. In my opinion, this is the best of Eminem's first three albums, taking the rap and hip-hop up more than a few notches from the already lofty heights attained in The Slim Shady LP. This artist's unique personal flair really bursts forth here, giving us beats and rhymes much more complex and musically adept than what had come before. In addition, Eminem has by now thoroughly come into his own. He is intentionally courting controversy, daring his critics and those who would love to have him censored or simply locked away somewhere to step outside with everything they have. Those who will look underneath the violence and the swearing and the offensive remarks Eminem makes in his lyrics will find a deeply complex person with something important to say, a man who does, in his own special way, highlight the kind of real problems many young people face in the modern world, and the accusing fingers he points in all directions often serve to highlight the problems inherent in the individual and society itself. And, as he is wont to say, he is the only person brave enough to say these things.This album hits the floor running with Kill You, a track announcing to the world Eminem's confidence in himself and rejection of authority and criticism. This level of comfort and confidence proves a great boon to the next track Stan, a song in which he reverses roles and plays the innocent good guy who is too late to help a deeply troubled fan. Eminem marvels at his own stardom in Who Knew and Marshall Mathers, breaks the news to the Eminem-haters that I'm Back, and taunts them all, with a little help from RBX and Sticky Fingez, with the track Remember Me?. The Way I Am is an important song, as Eminem clearly understands that his public persona is not the real Marshall Mathers but is rather whatever the people think he is; to his critics, he will always be a subversive criminal corrupting the youth of America, but to his fans he is something much different. Songs like Amityville (featuring Bizarre from D-12) and ... Please II (with Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit and Nate Dogg) raise the levels of violence and strong language up to a level that might not appeal to all Eminem fans, but the tracks are very well laid out. Criminal is the perfect ending to the album, a final statement about Eminem's nature and the interpretation of what he does by the public at large. However, the most important track on this second album, in many ways the song that made me a fan, is Kim. This track, a prequel to the first album's Bonnie and Clyde 97, is understandably controversial, seeing as how it is basically a fantasy about Eminem murdering his wife, but in a very, very strange way it is actually a love song of sorts. Few songs can rival it in terms of the immense power it communicates, especially toward the end when Eminem is basically shouting, letting go of all the betrayal and anger he feels inside.I am not really into rap and hip-hop in general, so it is difficult for me to review albums such as this. Beyond trying to communicate how incredible I think The Marshall Mathers LP is, the main point I would like to make is that no one should simply dismiss this music without listening to it for themselves. Many of those who objectively give Eminem a chance will still hate the guy, but it is much better to determine your own feelings first-hand as opposed to dissing the guy simply because you've heard he is violent and dangerous or because some group has labeled him a bad influence on young people.
 B000AA7B4I-432 POSITIVO  well.. compared to his last album i think is better and worse at the same time. All the songs on the slim shady lp were great, most of the songs on the marshall mathers lp are excellent but it is let down by one or two below standard. &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; i think tells us what he is really thinking the most. &quot;Stan&quot; shows his writing skills are still there, not his usual style but it works really well. &amp; &quot;Kill You&quot; probably wont be released because of the lyrics but is funny and brings back eminem's distinctive style. One of the best albums you could buy, get it now if you dont already.
 B000AA7B4I-433 POSITIVO  this cd is cool because it has awesome lyrics and eminem is the best rapper.don't be offended by it because most of the stuff he says is just joking.
 B000AA7B4I-434 POSITIVO  No matter which side of controversy around Eminem you support, one cannot deny his talent. After all, there wouldn't be so much fuss around an empty one-dimensional pop-culture product like some of the reviewers try to label him. No way! We're treated to an album written by some very clever, sarcastic, and witty person, who's hobby is to make provocations. Nay-sayers, you've got to realize that with each anti-Eminem speech you just do what HE wants you to do.As for the album under question here, I find it very good. Perhaps the best rap-album since Snoop Doggy Dogg dropped out "Doggy" from his moniker. And it's officially named the fastest selling rap-album, too. It's success is largely based on Eminem's infamous debut, "The Slim Shady LP". But Eminem moves way further and develops his style. You can't deny his incredibly rhyming skills. You can enjoy all styles of rhyming on this album, each done with finesse. The amazing thing is that this guy is really doing it better than 90% of present rappers, even if he ethnically belongs to entirely another culture! The way he organizes his musical accompanement is amazing, too. And "The Way I Am" with its piano sample is one of the better written music accompanements in a rap-song ever. Eminem displays varying rapping styles, sounding confident every time. Good job, Marshall!The point of controversy is the lyrics on the album. I don't know if we should talk about it. Just from listening to the introductory blah-blah, and especially the "Who Knew" song, one would understand what it's all about. Just like many other rappers, Eminem mixes parody with frustration, truth with fiction, offence with irony, explicit lyrics with undeniable rhyming talent. Only that he makes this mix perfect. Hot debates around the album only prove that we are treated to a very talented performance, and we should value what we've got here. Because, frankly, at the moment there's no noticeable competition for Eminem anywhere close.
 B000AA7B4I-435 POSITIVO  &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; is a stellar stand alone album and it is a more than impressive follow-up to &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; (which I thought was a classic)...In his first CD Eminem rapped about his life before he made his first album...in this album he talks about life since his first album...This album is full of the unbelievable lyrical twisting and word arrangement that has become synonymous with Eminem...(You become so used to hearing his awesome flow that you almost forget how hard it is to give you verse after verse of hot lyrics)...If you are a true hip-hop fan you will love this album...(like Rah Digga said &quot;Checkin for the rhymes not checkin for the track&quot;)...Pick any song and you will find more hot lyrics than you would find on the entire album of some of today's &quot;hottest&quot; rappers...don't get me wrong though...the tracks are hot too...The only place where the album lacks is in the guest appearances...None of the guests on the album can touch Eminem in lyrical skills so they actually sound really wack next to him...(except track 15...Dre, Snoop and Xzibit hold their own)...If you are familiar with Eminem, the album will not shock you as much as &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot;...which is good...he has already made it known that he will say anythihg...any further attempt to prove that would be ridiculous...If you didn't like the last album...or what Eminem has put out since...you won't like this album...This album is full of the same themes, tones and content of his previous work...but if you loved what Eminem has put out before...you will definately love this...
 B000AA7B4I-436 POSITIVO  If this CD was made by HBO films, it would definitely qualify as a &quot;guilty pleasure&quot;! Lyrically, Eminem is brutally honest and holds no punches - dissing everybody from Will Smith, Britney Spears, President Clinton, Christine Aguilera, Christopher Reeves...and so on. This boy has some serious issues! With 18 tracks deep of punchlines and hooks that hurt, you'll get your money's worth.Standout cuts are:&quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; - In his sick-but-honest manner, Em addresses issues that affect him personally like phony family members, Tupac and Biggie's death, and boy bands.&quot;Stan&quot; - This track displays his true writing talent. In jarring detail, Em displays the thoughts of a troubled fan desparate for his attention.&quot;Who Knew&quot; - This is aimed directly at parents who blame all the troubles they have with their children on Em and others in the entertainment industry. Definitely worth the listen for those with teens.&quot;Kim&quot; - Not for those raised in an abusive household. Brutal, in-depth view of a jealous husband/lover with a motive to be &quot;rid&quot; of his girl.&quot;Criminal&quot; - Twisted and funny (especially the robbery scene). Eminem displays his many personalities with tight lyrics.Helping to hold this album down are his boys D-12 (Dirty Dozen) from his hometown Detroit. They represent on the demented &quot;Amityville&quot; track and on &quot;Under The Influence&quot;.Compared to his debut album, this album is a lot darker. Please remember folks, this is just entertainment. Relax and enjoy.-Kenetic Monk
 B000AA7B4I-437 POSITIVO  The edited version is a great choice for people under 13 or anybody offended by his content. Amazon.com made a mistake. Track 16 is only &quot;Kim&quot; on the explicit version. The song is different and it's called &quot;The Kids&quot;. It's much less offensive than &quot;Kim&quot;.Anyway, my fav songs are &quot;Stan&quot;, &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;, and &quot;Under the Influence&quot;, but all the songs are excellent!
 B000AA7B4I-438 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP is much more than a revolutionary hip-hop album. The astounding virtuosity of Eminem on this album makes me smile. I hold this album very close to my heart. This album has helped me through some of the darkest, most depressing times of my life. Eminem's hate (whether emulated, simulated, or completely real) is something millions can relate to. Before Eminem, where were hip-hop lovers supposed to turn when burned with hate? Three Six Mafia??? Are they really the only other hate-venting rap group I can think of???The world needs Eminem. The Marshall Mathers LP is a guilty pleasure of the highest intelligence and caliber. Critics slamming Eminem only amuse me. Maybe they don't know what it's like to be really really angry with no chance of retaliation. What is a suicidal teenager to do? When you're rejected from the hottest females, bullied by the dumbest jocks, and singled out by teachers and parents, what can you do? Listen to Eminem! Don't you people understand? We listen to Eminem because we enjoy life. We enjoy life enough not to resort to horrible acts of violence and hate. Just listening to Eminem allows me to vent the hate I have inside.This album is timeless. From the public service announcement to the roof burning finale "Criminal," the energy level stays constant. Lyrically, the album is insane, startling, hilarious, and relieving. "Kim" is the one to play when you're extremely angry. It is nothing short of a modern hate masterpiece. Then there's the fun single, "The Real Slim Shady," which bounces along happily thanks once again to Dr. Dre's production. "Who Knew" addresses Eminem's social criticism perfectly. "Stan" is probably the most important track on the album, reminding fans never to resort to mindless idolization. Then there's "The Way I am," a heartfelt complaint of the frustrating fame that comes along with success.The Marshall Mathers LP will be remembered for decades. It marks Eminem's victorious claim for the hip-hop throne, as well as his liberation of teenagers dealing with the frustrating reality of... life. Eminem is the man and this album is his best stuff to date. Cheers to Dr. Dre and Eminem!
 B000AA7B4I-439 POSITIVO  If you are considering buying this CD, I strongly encourage it. I understand many of you are forced to buy the edited version instead of the explicit versions, and are expecting dissapointment. You should be in for a pleasant surprise. The CD is better than the explicit version. &quot;Kim&quot; a violent, vulgar, boring song is replaced by a hilarious song callled &quot;The Kids&quot;, in which Eminem uses his great voice talents in a number of roles tellign a hilarious story through song. Classic Slim Shady. Another outstanding song is the hit &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, a great song with a catchy chorus. Another great song is the sad, but realistic song &quot;Stan&quot;, about a fan that kills himself and his pregnant girlfriend because Eminem doesn't respond to his letters. It shows the real Marshall Mathers. Other songs worth mentioning are &quot;The Way I Am&quot; (very catchy backbeat, great lyrics), and &quot;Criminal&quot; (cool lyrics). If you are still contemplating whether or not to buy this CD, take my word for it and purchase it.
 B000AA7B4I-440 POSITIVO  Wow! Many lack luster artists run out material by their second album, but Eminem has not only come up with new original songs, he's matured as an artist as well. Much of the album deals with Eminem's reaction to sudden stardom and his reflection on The Slim Shady LP. Listeners will notice this right away with PSA 2000. Where PSA from the Slim Shady LP was a warning, PSA 2000 is Eminem's response to criticism. &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; are both excellent tracks that express a new Eminem who has experienced the goods and the bads of what it means to be famous. Yet Eminem lets us know that he has not changed, other people's perception of him has changed. Eminem weaves all of his emotions into the trademark lyrical style that earned him a Grammy. The downside of Eminem's original style is that guest rappers on the album seem out of place at times. All in all, The Marshall Mathers LP is a brilliant follow-up to his wildly successful debut album. Fans will not be disappointed!
 B000AA7B4I-441 POSITIVO  Having picked up the album on the day of release in England, this is dope! It's a lot better than his first album: don't believe me, check out the album's masterpiece 'Stan' about his obsessive fan! It's, in places, as funny, if not funnier than the 'Slim Shady LP', and will even fulfill you Dre heads with guests including RBX, Dre, X to the Z, Snoop, Nate and Sticky Fingaz, and D-12's own Bizarre. Basically, pick this up, it's hotter than hell!
 B000AA7B4I-442 POSITIVO  I like Eminem dont get me wrong but I think this second CD is so much better then his first. I only bought it for that one song but when I heard the rest of the cd I was like people actually like this stuff my first rap CD. I always hated rap but now I am starting to like it more. So I bought his second CD expecting to only like one song &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; But I ended up liking at least 3 or 4. So I say this CD is worth your money.
 B000AA7B4I-443 POSITIVO  "The Marshall Mathers LP" is without a doubt Eminem's most shocking and disturbing album ever. You can see him grow and mature as an artist with each album. His second album not only surpasses the first one, it knocks it clear out of orbit! Just when I thought he couldn't possibly get any more disturbing than he was on "The Slim Shady LP," he surprised me yet again.Be warned, this isn't for anyone who cannot stand offensive lyrics and disturbing content. This is Eminem's darkest and most vicious album, and he does not hold his mouth back for a second. As disturbing as his songs can get, he still is able to craft them magnificently. It isn't just an album filled with non-stop profanities or obscurity, there's actually a structure and a plan to it all.As good as this album is, the only small problem I have with it is that it seems more shocking than honest. If you've heard his newer album, then you'll know what I mean. While he is very lyrically honest at times, it just seems like he says things specifically for shock value. The greatness behind "The Eminem show" was that the shocking and honesty was very well balanced. Still, this is an outstanding second album that still impresses me today.I like very song on the album, but my favorites are "kill you," "stan," "I'm back," "marshall mathers," "the way I am," "kim," "criminal," and "the real slim shady." They're really all very good and there's not one song I dislike at all.Eminem's "The Marshall Mathers LP" is a dark and relentless album that will shock and impress many. Again, this is not for anyone who does not like offensive lyrics. Just keep in mind most of his songs are said in jest or are the "heat-of-the-moment" feelings, which leads to the songs sounding intense. If you are an Eminem fan and have not checked out this album yet, this is something you should think about the next time you want to get a great CD. Eminem just keeps improving more and more as an artist. Each album gets better and better.
 B000AA7B4I-444 POSITIVO  No doubt, you realize this is going to be offensive. I was, quite simply, in shock the first time I heard this.Then, bracing myself, I listened to it again, and... It ruled.It's actually a fairly intelligent look at the world of today. The message: Society is not a product of Eminem, Eminem is a product of society. If you think he's obscene and offensive, and the world he shows shouldn't be the way it is, what are you doing to make it a better world?As he states in 'the real slim shady', what's the world going to be like if 19 million people grow up just like him? And we all have a little Slim Shady inside us.'Who knew' is also a similiar comment. While it is somewhat lame to claim that he never expected anyone to take him seriously, there's still an element of truth to it.'Steve Berman' is absolutely hilarious. Eminem gets chewed out by a record exec because he's rapping about 'homosexuals and vicodin' and Steve (the exec) is having some difficulties selling this concept to the record chains. To put it mildly.And Stan is a personal favorite of mine. Not because I like Dido, but because it is a look at what it's like to be 20 or so years old and speaking for a slice of a generation. You really have to wonder what the pressure of being that important to people would do to you.And of course, it's always a pleasure to listen to someone slam Britney Spears and NSync. Watered down trash.It's a bit lame to listen to Eminem compain about being famous and how the fans make life so difficult. He's taking the money, and you get the good with the bad.Oh yea, by the way, it's also a bunch of good solid jams. It's not a whiny political album that sucks, it's one that you can listen to and enjoy. Preferably at very high volume. Circling the parking lot with your unit up and one finger on each hand up is optional, but does work.
 B000AA7B4I-445 POSITIVO  Fisrt of all...Eminem is the best white artist out there that writes his own lyrics! This CD is the best out there you can find! IF you have liked Eminem's past CD...or if you want t start being a fan...you must purshase this CD. Every song is just original and best to be played at high volumes! In the car, in your room, or even on some headphones! you will be wanting to keep on re-playing all the songs!
 B000AA7B4I-446 POSITIVO  This is one of the best records I have heard. I mean he this guy has some talent and he is expressing his feelings by singing instead of going out there and killing people. His words express how he grew up in the world. It must have been hard growing up for Slim Shady. I just want to say I can't wait for the other CD to come out. Keep it up Slim, don't let anybody put you down. Look at you now, keep rising to the top. Peace
 B000AA7B4I-447 NEUTRO  I have such mixed feelings about this disc. On the one hand, I am all for freedom of expression and the rights of an artist to produce and write anything that he or she wishes. On the other hand, there comes a point where no amount of fat beats and great ryhming skills can make up for lyrics that lose their meaning after an artist sells millions of records.This is my dilemna with this Eminem/Slim Shady record. On the one hand, I respect Eminem as an artist and don't think there is anything wrong with white rappers. I think Eminem truely has some talent and shows some flashes of brilliance.On the other hand, the best spots on this album may not be due to Em at all. The beats are much smoother than the lyrics on this album. My favorite vocals on the album are actual contained in the background chorus to &quot;Stan&quot; which are just fantastic (but I understand Slim sampled whoever the woman is who sings here). &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; has some very witty great rhymes, but it is unfortunate that the whole album isn't more like that.There is a lot of fun on this album. I think that it appeals to a younger crowd however (I'm 28) and I just can't relate to song after song of Em talking about killing his wife and putting her in the trunk of his car. I will say that he gets points for originality and doing his own thing and I am not in anyway saying that he should be censored, its just that I would not choose to listen to a majority of this album on a regular basis and so in that way am somewhat dissappointed. I can listen to the beats and vocals of &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;The Real Slim Shady,&quot; but that doesn't make for a whole great album.
 B000AA7B4I-448 NEUTRO  This CD is so far ahead of the Slim Shady LP that's it not even funny. However, this CD is. Eminem took his ability to write very funny songs and rap well to them and brought them out even more. Criminal is by far one of the funniest songs I've ever heard, and The Real Slim Shady is terrific, mostly due to the amount of humor. While this is not a great CD by any means and does not constitute anyone calling Eminem a genius, it is still good. What I Am is the standout track on the CD, mostly because it explains why he does the things he does. However, it is not a reason to love him. It is only a reason to nod your head and say, &quot;Yes, I see where you're coming from.&quot; Stan is also a good track, and the disturbing wife-killing humor is turned down on this LP. However, the non-disturbing Dr. Dre-killing humor is turned up, and it is quite funny to hear him riff on it. Once again, Eminem does know how to rap and write humor, but his CD's still need to have more non-generic sounding songs if he wishes to get more fans and another star from this reviewer, but I doubt that I'm up on his list of priorities. My guess would be, killing Dr. Dre is at number one.
 B000AA7B4I-449 NEGATIVO  ... I reviewed this CD when i used to like Eminem. I like him a little now because he hates all that annoying pop like Britany Spears, *NSYNC, Ricky Martin and he is very honest about it in &quot;Marshal Mathers.&quot; But he used to be one of the only rap artists I like because he had some humor in his brain unlike other rappers. His 1st album was so much better. The songs were funny and the pictures inside wern't very serious. But in this album, you'll never see him smiling. Hes always sittin' there frownin. But not only that, but his songs are so depressing. &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; isn't, but the rest of it is. &quot;Kill You&quot; is scary and &quot;The Way I am&quot; is depressing and &quot;Kim&quot; is more scary and more depressing. Infact, &quot;Kim&quot; is probably the worst song ever made. If you want an Eminem CD, get &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot;. That CD has hillarious songs on it with funny pictures inside the cover. And that was back in the days when he never got sued and he wouldn't lash out at people. ...nd you with some of his lyrics, but he's said mulitple times, he's just kidding. He doesnt mean everything he says, so dont get uptight about it.The only track on the enitre album I can say that I don't LOVE, is Amityville. I like it, but not as much as the others. Stand-out tracks are &quot;Kill You&quot;, &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, &quot;Kim&quot;, &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot;, and &quot;Stan&quot;A lot of humor in this album is related to things mentioned in The Slim Shady Lp, so if you don't have that either, get it so you can fully enjoy the album.One thing that bothered me was that Eminem's record label, Interscope, forced Eminem to edit certain things out of the explicit version of the record. Tracks you can find this on are &quot;I'm Back&quot;, &quot;Kim&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot;, and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;.Anyway, to those of you who say that Eminem has no talent, or that he is just a fad, you obviously no nothing about hip-hop or rap. Eminem is here to say, whether you like it or not.
 B000AA7B4I-450 POSITIVO  I have to admit I have always been a fan of hip hop but this just blew me away! The Marshall Mathers LP is probably the best CD ever made!!! The way he puts his lyrics together to form coherent stories is just awesome!! He's not just re-recording what all the other rappers rap about: money, women, bling-blingin'...he has real stories that people can relate to! Please, this is not a waste of your fifteen dollars, but the Marshall Mathers LP!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-451 POSITIVO  The lyrical content on this CD is outstanding with presenting popular ideas to the masses using satire and irony. Musically, it is not exactly my style, but I can't take the CD out of my car. Although the language can be crude at times (or always) the lyrical value outshines it. Special credit has to go to Stan, KIM, and Marshall Mathers for the amazing issues tackled in an (offbeat and disturbing) mature way. Almost as good as Slim Shady LP but far darker. This is one to have.
 B000AA7B4I-452 POSITIVO  will the real slim shady please stand up?? yeah cause he deserves to be applauded! to me this title is a work of art. it takes alot of guts to do what he does like insult his wife and everyones else around him! so dont put him down because he does something that we people wouldnt normally do! his music is beautiful(my opinion)* but you got to give it to him the group does have some talent, they must they got a contract right?? so how can you say that they have no talent? they must if they have a contract. people just dont understand the newer generation! we like this stuff its cool like kim he kills his wife,obviously she didnt care what he said otherwise shed probably freaked out about it, did she noo.. eminem is a work of art.
 B000AA7B4I-453 POSITIVO  This album is a great play from beginning to end. Eminem is a great lyricist.
 B000AA7B4I-454 POSITIVO  THIS ALBUM IS TRUE HIP HOP. IT IS NOT A HYPE ALBUM IT IS JUST PLAIN GREAT A CLASSIC. ... IF YOU ARE TRUE TO HIP HOP THEN BUY THIS NOW AND LISTEN TO HOW HE PUTS WORDS TOGETHER AND HOW HE CAN JUST MAKE SOME OF THE BEST RYHMES EVER!!!! THE PRODUCTION IS AMAZING................WHAT CAN I SAY JUST BUY IT!!!!!!!out for all to see; the offensive opinions are simply the device he uses to communicate the dominating emotion of his life - anger. That is why his music is so popular and so good, because it is grounded in an emotion that we can relate to, as well as an expression that we all know. We all feel angry and we all vent it by blaming the world around us, and The Marshall Mathers LP recognizes both the personal and universal aspects of anger and blame, as Eminem rants against personal and societal demons viciously and with a great deal of talent. Therein lies the most important key to enjoying this album; recognize the talent. As with any message, the judgment of whether it is offensive or not is in the hands of the person receiving the message. What cannot be debated, however, is how well the message is delivered. Sit back and, if you can, turn off your reactions to the words and listen to the raw emotion and sheer talent displayed on the most influential (if not necessarily the best) album of 2000.s. He isn't selling this stuff door to door or force feeding anyone his veiws and ryhmes. We aren't that lucky.em has paid his dues. He's done drugs, gotten into fights, made an obscene record, gotten arrested, gotten a huge stinkin' pile of publicity from MTV/TRL. So that makes him a REAL ARTIST. What more do you want him to do to convince you to buy this cd? Actually have some artistic talent? PLEASE!Eminem's not twisted. YOU ARE if you don't immediately charge up your credit card and buy ten copies of this Marshall Mathers cd to hand out a Xmas. That way, you and your friends and family can gather round, hold hands, and rap along with Em - insulting everyone on God's green earth and making yourself look like an idiot in the process. Share the joy! Its your right and duty as American citizens! FINALLY, prove what a hardcore stud you are to everyone who questions your ability to &quot;be a man&quot; and &quot;keep it real.&quot; Because if you destroy others, as long as the beat is strong, that is what makes you a man after all. You betta ask somebody! (Oops, looks like I forgot to change this review to a five star rating. Because this sure is some high-quality rappin.') Oh well...BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD!HE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD!
 B000AA7B4I-455 NEUTRO  You gotta love it. . .Eminem actually rhymes about things that are important in today's society. The lyrics are unbelievable, and better yet, undertandable. Good Cd, but it could use some more A-class songs.
 B000AA7B4I-456 POSITIVO  For the most part, a sweet, good-natured pop album that recalls a more innocent Age.
 B000AA7B4I-457 POSITIVO  In my personal opinion this album is absoutely amazing,there is no other word that could describe it. And I exaggerate not, with it's edgy phrases and limit pushing language it deffentaly gives you a wild ride. Of course with it being under so much contraversay it just makes me want to listen to it more because i think that it is very rare that you find a CD by an artist that will push the limits and tell you what he really thinks, no matter what others may perceive his lyirics as this album is definately akeeper.
 B000AA7B4I-458 POSITIVO  You have to get this c.d. ... All he is doing is taking all thoses mixed feelings in his head (like everyone else) and puts it into a song. ... he is a rising star, a great singer, and a great deal of rap. Some songs you should listen for are, Stan, Way I am, Real Slim Shadey, drug balled,Under the Influence, and Criminal. This is one of the best c.d's you can find, so take my word and buy this: Quote, I hope you don't mind the language cause if you do this cd is not for you.he says in his songs which I don't agree on but other than that, I think this CD is cool. I think EMINEM is a very talented rapper (not many rappers can rap like him!) and his rapping talent shows/shines through this CD. My favorite track is &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;...that's the best! I also like the song he does with DIDO (although I can't remember the title of that song 'cause they don't mention DIDO on the list of lyrics here on Amazon.com). EMINEM is I guess sort of a &quot;bad boy&quot; 'cause of all the stuff he raps about...usually about all the things wrong with this world like death, killing, crimes, drugs...the usual rap/hip-hop topics, but EMINEM dares to go down into a deeper level of all that. He swears a lot in his songs, too. (But doesn't everybody in this world swear a lot?!) A lot of people (especially celebrities) are probably offended and insulted by EMINMEN'S music, but it's just music...it's probably nothing personal...so just relax and enjoy it. Don't go crazy over it! THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP is probably one of the best albums of the year 2000! (After BLACK AND BLUE, of course - - the BACKSTREET BOYS' new album!!) Also, check out DR. DRE'S album, 2001 'cause EMINMEN helps out with some of his songs!! (One more thing: even though EMINMEN is a Bad Boy, he's actually a pretty hot guy!) Fans won't be disappointed with this second album of his!!
 B000AA7B4I-459 NEUTRO  After listening to the Slim Shady LP and some of Eminem's underground stuff, i was looking foward to getting this album. However, i was kind of dissapointed after listening to this album. Eminem is a talented rapper, but it gets kind of boring hearing him make fun of celebritys and gays. The best track on this album is Stan, which is one of his best songs. It has a important message, and he didn't need to make fun of anybody to get his point across. I am a Eminem fan, but this album isn't really that great.
 B000AA7B4I-460 POSITIVO  Whether you love him or hate him, it's hard to deny that Eminem is the best rapper today, and may be the best rapper of all time. His clear diction, rapid fire delivery, innovative beats, and clever lyrics make for very entertaining music. He didn't win a Grammy for nothing.This Grammy Award winning CD is awesome and powerful. Songs like The Way I Am and Marshal Mathers are sung with power and conviction, while the more humorous The Real Slim Shady and Who Knew are provocative and clever. And Eminem's live performances of these songs are even more powerful and compelling.I rate this CD a whopping SEVEN stars:The Way I Am **The Real Slim Shady **I'm Back **Kill You *I also like Marshall Mathers and Who Knew but not quite enough to get a star. Some fans will be surprised to see that Stan didn't get a star. I like Stan, but it's not a song I want to hear a lot like the others.---------------------------------------------------------------Ratings: CDs are rated simply by how many good songs are on the album. Great songs get two stars, and good songs get one star. Songs that get no stars are those that I might like but not enough to give it a star or ones I find boring or actively dislike. CDs are not penalized for songs that I don't like because they are easy enough to skip over. There is no maximum number of stars a CD can get, but of course the more stars it gets, the better the CD.As with all reviews, these are my subjective opinions on the album.
 B000AA7B4I-461 POSITIVO  I think that the Marshal Mathers LP is Eminem's best. His first major album (the Slim Shady LP) was kind of dry and almost a little too immature (I mean that in the way that it is made, not the lyrics, which are good). The Marshal Mathers LP has got great lyrics, good beats, and when you listen to it, you're taken into a new world, which, as messed up and disturbing as it can get, is awesome.Eminem is a truely great rapper, and the Marshal Mathers LP really shows you how tallented he is. The Eminem Show is also really good, but in my personal opinion, not quite there.
 B000AA7B4I-462 NEUTRO  i like the eminem show and slim shady lp better.this is da worst of eminem.itz very dissapointing.some songz are horrible n boring.while otherz are good n catchy most are garbage.i would only recomend dis to hardcore eminem or d12 fans.OR YOU CAN JUST GET THE SLIM SHADY LP OR THE EMINEM SHOW INSTEAD!thats my word.
 B000AA7B4I-463 POSITIVO  Em rips it on this album. His lyrics are at their best, and his flow is awesome. There are songs to make you laugh like [ironically] "Kill you" and songs that are for thought "The way I am". Anyone that take Em's lyrics seriously might just want to think twice about the things they've thought about once in their lifetime. Em's just able to put these in a song. This album is an adult album i stress, and anyone that cops this album should be aware of its content. And those that are faint of heart, or who can't be open minded need leave it on the shelf.
 B000AA7B4I-464 POSITIVO  "Do you fools listen to music, or do you just skimp through it?"Powerful words from Jay-Z on the "Renegades" track off his Blueprint LP, and never before have they been more true.People dis Em because they say he complains too much and just wants people to feel sorry for him. That's not what it is. If you looked a bit deeper into the message he was trying to convey, you'd find that this album is the story of Marshall Mathers. A biography from Marshall's point of view. The first album was from Slim Shady's point of view.Em speaks the anger that's on his mind. I'll bet that everybody goes through a period of anger through something way less significant than the matters that Eminem speaks of on this album.This LP is nothing short of brilliant, Dre's production shines and Em has genius lyrics. If you skimp through music as the quote above states, then you will not appreciate this album as much as it deserves to be. But if you look a little deeper you'll find a masterpiece.
 B000AA7B4I-465 POSITIVO  A towering achievement. The triad of entities being Marshall Mathers, Eminem and Slim Shady meld as never before, with incendiary raps, literally breathtaking production values, and real storylines that'll hook you instantly. Take songs like "Kill You", "The Way I Am", "The Real Slim Shady" and the masterpiece "Stan"...those alone would form the nucleus of a classic rock album. The latter song uses pencil scratching along with the Dido clip, and a true acting performance from Eminem (if you know this song, it won't surprise you he can act...) to just grab you by the throat and wake you the ... up.Where does Marshall end and Eminem begin? How much of Eminem is the real Slim Shady? Is he just messing with our heads, and laughing at all of us? I find this fascinating...
 B000AA7B4I-466 POSITIVO  I absolutely love this album because everything about it is amazing the lyrics are on point and the beats are stellar I think all rap fans should do themselves a favor and get this album because it's the best.
 B000AA7B4I-467 POSITIVO  This album is angry,sad,self defeating,self boasting,verymoody and brilliant.Stan,Kim,Under The Influence,Amityville,Kill You,Who Knew and Criminal are as rewarding as they aredisturbing and infuriating to listen to.Thats what makesEminem a true artist he makes you feel like he is actuallysinging from your point of view instead of his.The music is brilliant and Eminem is the real deal.Hedefends the 1st ammendment and is very entertaining as wellas very disturbing and even at times irritating.A must hear.
 B000AA7B4I-468 POSITIVO  This album is not exactly very good, I gave it 5 stars because of its usefulness of relieving stress and venting frastrution.But I admit that some songs on this album is great like "The way i am" it describe about the everyday stress that everyone faced,and it seems like eminem is helping you to tick off people. " real slim shady" one of the most catchies track in this album, good for relaxing.In any way, this is a good album for people facing a lot of stress, I highly recommend it.
 B000AA7B4I-469 POSITIVO  Eminem, new CD is overly tyte. The beats are tyte, and the lyrics, while sometimes dusturbing, are tyte and well delivererd. If you like good music, get this cd, If you hate icp, get this cd, by the way, GET THIS CD, you won't be disapointed
 B000AA7B4I-470 POSITIVO  This CD is tight! From the intro to the last song &quot;Criminal&quot; it played on my CD player! The interludes are funny and the songs are great. The beats are hella phat...I think Dre did some cause some of them sound like those off of Dre's &quot;2001&quot; album. Anyway, this is in my CD changer now and it'll be there for a long time. This CD has a little more variety than &quot;Slim Shady-The LP&quot; so it'll suit everyones tastes. Rather you prefer upbeat party type songs (like me), or you like songs to chill to this is the CD for you. This is sure to be a classic.
 B000AA7B4I-471 POSITIVO  Its no suprise......getting past the sophmore jinx ay be difficult for an average artist....but then Eminem Isnt Anything Like an average artist. With Outstanding Lyrics.Beats (Complements Of DR.Dre On 7 Songs) Eminem Has Out-shined nearly every other MC this year so far(With the exception of a few....)without selling out in any way. Probably not the best cd to play with your grandpa but then thats one of the things that makes eminems music so memorable..his fearlessness of saying what he really thinks at any time.in any place......a sure classic to go up there in the ranks of Dre's Chronic 2001 , Meathod Man And Readman's Blackout , and Even The Original Chronic As Some Of The Greatest rap cd's Of Its Time.
 B000AA7B4I-472 POSITIVO  Listen, if you are at ALL a fan of Eminem...you MUST own this CD...it's as simple as that...even more 'in-your-face' than the first album, Shady delivers each line to your ears with a rhythm that is as smooth as butter....If I could give this masterpiece more than five stars, I would...ENJOY
 B000AA7B4I-473 POSITIVO  listen up! this is probably the best rap album i have ever heard in my life! the best songs are Kill You, The Real Slim Shady, I'm Back, and Under The Influence. there are awesome beats and the best and even funniest rapping! if you like rap songs at all you gotta get this!
 B000AA7B4I-474 POSITIVO  I thought Eminems first LP was hot, But Damn! his second one is off the hook! . On this album Eminem could care less what he says and what you think about him, every track on this album is tight. this is a must own CD...do i need to say more?
 B000AA7B4I-475 POSITIVO  I just bought Eminem's Marshall Mathers CD. This is by far better then his first CD, even though that was tight. I've only got to listen to the first 11 songs, but all of them have been great. This album proves why Eminem is the best all around rap artist out there. He puts ICP to shame.
 B000AA7B4I-476 POSITIVO  Wow! Throughout this whole CD I was floored by the similarities betwixt Eminem and Ace of Bass. Remember them? They were a great band in the late 80s who defied convention, spoke up to the injustices of the world and laid down a groove that would make your feet and soul bounce with delight.What I hate is that people are calling this CD full of negativity. Negativity? Is that what you're calling refreshing honesty these days?Well, I'm not going to be pushed around by some PC thug. I choose to bask in the delicious freedom of my words and the velvet-like comfort of my snug fitting tank top.Because liberty is alive in Eminem, you can taste it. I don't have to worry about someone with bigger muscles throwing me to the ground and kicking me over and over even after they've gotten me to cry, ripping your pants and trampling your beret. Unlike the outside world, I'm not judged by my preferences in soft drinks (fanta), headwear (the aforementioned beret) and preferred style of sideburns (aggressive).
 B000AA7B4I-477 POSITIVO  Ok, its one thing if the "official Amazon reveiwer" doesn't like an album. If she says its musically poor and sloppily put together then she would be doing her job. However taking a beautifuly crafted (while admittedly harsh) album and tearing it apart based on her political veiws is borderline slander. Even worse, she proves she hasn't listened to the album!!! In another weak mannered attempt to sling mud at Eminem,she says that Eminem is too scared to touch Puffy... need I quote, Miss Berry? In regards to Jennifer Lopez, Eminem prods Puffy (her at-the-time beau), saying: Sorry Puff, I don't give a f*ck if this chick was my own mother/ I'd still f*ck'er with no rubber/and c*m inside'er and have a son and a new brother at the same time and just say that it aint mine.
 B000AA7B4I-478 POSITIVO  Very good cd. Worth the money. I was not a huge fan of Eminem, until after this cd. Usually when you buy a cd, you only like 2 or 3 of the songs, but this cd has many good tracks. It does have some harsh lyrics that I wouldn't want my 15 year old brother listening too, but for the older, more mature audience, it is a very good cd.
 B000AA7B4I-479 POSITIVO  I wasn't sure that Eminem could outclass he's previous cd with he's new release. Then as public opinion came forward the one and most obvious complaint was that it wasnt as good as the first and nowhere near as original. So in fear i went with my friend to buy the cd, hoping that it would at the least be decent. By the end of the Cd i found myself laughing hysterically and rather enjoying myself with he's lyrically genious. He went off on all he's enemies, namely ICP and DMX thought some insults were more obiouvs then others, but what really took this Cd to a new Level was the comey factor. As many may know by now, Eminem isnt as crazy as he portray's himself to be, but he will say whatever sells, as is the case with Dr. Dre who's admitted it himself on many occasions. There were so many good tracks i found myself having trouble deciding what to litsen to next. Either way in my humble opinion id have to say it was better then he's first release. He's had to climb through the media, personnal problems and a whole slew of drugs situations, but were many have failed he has suceeded.
 B000AA7B4I-480 POSITIVO  Although my parents would'nt let me get this cd un-edited, i was able to get it without the &quot;explictit lyrics&quot; The real slim shady and stan are the best.
 B000AA7B4I-481 POSITIVO  My god, this album is perfect in lyrical form. It is insane how many rhymes he can get in a single line of his song sometimes. I can't even count them all. Not only are there complicated rhymes outside and within each line, but they all follow a set pattern. Some syllables follow something like Shakespear's iambic pentameter, except the syllable changes are to the beat of the music.The first lyrics of song 13 (Drug ballad), and 17 (Under the influence) are the most complicated rap lyrics I have ever heard.
 B000AA7B4I-482 POSITIVO  No matter whether you like him or not, Eminem is still one of the best new rappers alive today (and, honestly, I can understand if you don't like him). This is because of several things - A: he has great delivery (as good as if-not-better-than Nas), B: his voice is really really good (he's very unique and identifiable whereas most other rappers (Ice Cube, Jeru The Damaja, Dr. Dre, etc) are relatively similar - he definitely stands out) and C: he's not afraid to offend you. Now this last one might raise some eyebrows, but hear me out - if everyone is afraid to offend you in an extremely disturbing and offensive way ("Kim" is the most disturbing song I've ever heard in my entire life), then we are limiting ourselves, yes? Artists want to make you think in ways you never had before, and Eminem helps do that. He's not that great of a lyricist (i.e. he doesn't really have anything to say), but he sure can paint an extremely detailed picture with his rap-stories. He's also pretty funny in a lot of the songs, and occasionally pretty deep and meaningful (see "Stan" for an example of that one). Every track here is good-if-not-great, and the production is just fabulous - practically every track is fun and catchy. It's not for everybody, but if you're a rap fan and you haven't heard Eminem yet then you are truly living under a rock. Rap fans will LOVE this! Highly recommended!Highlights include:the entire album!
 B000AA7B4I-483 POSITIVO  Wow, I remember back when I was at least 13 and first listened to this joint. It still brings back a lot of memories in my life, some good and some bad ones. Eminem as a song writer, touched a lot of us out there, going through tough times and growing up in this crazy world almost as he did. Not every star has the best childhood you know and that's where his intense motivation comes from when you listen to this album.The rhymes were solid and you could rewind it over and over, always finding something new. The beats supplied by Dr. Dre, Mel-Man and a few other notable contributors were the 2nd most important pieces as well. Almost everything fits in place and all the tracks flow nicely, a few of the skits on here sound a bit silly and dated, though. Even if the song "The Real Slim Shady" may feel out of place, it still fits nicely with the album's demented portrait. The general feel of this album is dark, which I also enjoy the most. Real life isn't all colorfully painted with happy backgrounds and Eminem guides us into just the opposite on this LP with top-notch delivery, lyrics and flow.It would be hard to pin-point the favorite tracks because in my opinion, they are meant to be played from start to finish to get the overall feel. So, here's a quick run down of the notable tracks: Of course you have the break-through "The Real Slim Shady" single, the vicious "The Way I Am", the deep "Stan", the thoughts about today's youth "Who Knew", the fierce "Remember Me", the classic "I'm Back", the most notorious "Kill You" opener and so on.But honestly, Who doesn't own this album already? 9 million copies sold, this CD is probably in everyone's collection by now. It's not only about Hip Hop, in my opinion, I think this opens the door to a lot of other open-minded thinkers as well. If you're up to it, give the album a shot if you haven't already.
 B000AA7B4I-484 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP, is a true depiction of freedom of speech. Expressing his feeling, thoughts, emotions and problems through his Amazing talent for poetry is truly a work of art.
 B000AA7B4I-485 NEGATIVO  On his &quot;Marshall Mathers LP&quot; Eminem implores listeners to &quot;love one another, sister and brother&quot; and cherish our differences rather than let them lead to hatred and prejudice. &quot;Don't need no hate, love is my fate&quot; he raps in the tender ballad &quot;Kim&quot;. He also makes a bold statement in support of gays and lesbians by defiantly rapping &quot;I'm Eminem and I'm here to say, I love you whether you're straight or gay.&quot; Other controversial topics Em weighs in on include the environment, euthenasia, capital punishment, affirmative action, the tension in the middle east and racial profiling. Em's message throughout seems to be &quot;let's heal the wounds of the past and work on making the future a little brighter for our children&quot;. Soldier on, Em!
 B000AA7B4I-486 POSITIVO  This is a awesome cd. This is made by one of the only white rappers. It has hit songs such as The Real Slim Shady, The Way I Am, Stan. This feature artists such as Dido, Dr. Dre, and more. If you liked his first aulbum youll love the Marshal Mathers LP. This Cd rocks and if you dont have this you should by it.
 B000AA7B4I-487 POSITIVO  Eminem's recent album &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; is just sheer brilliance! One of my personal favorites is &quot;Stan&quot; in which Eminem writes of an overly-obsessed fan who writes to Eminem after he told Stan he would respond to his letter when the two met at a concert. Stan does write Eminem, but grows more and more aggravated when he does not respond to his first couple of letters until he just loses all control. This is one of the most artful and emotional tracks on the album that is not as wild as the other tracks, especially &quot;Kim&quot; where Eminem writes of going completely crazy after he just can't take any more of his wife, Kim. He drives her out deep into the dark and deals with her good. There are a couple of skits in this album which include &quot;Paul&quot; who is an agent of Eminem's who is not really happy with the album, &quot;Steve Berman,&quot; another dissapointed man with Eminem's album tells him to change it or else..., &quot;Ken Kaniff,&quot; which tells of.....you'll find that out when you hear the album. The album also features which may be the most popular song: &quot;The Real Slim Shady.&quot; Who HASN'T heard this song. &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; was the first music video ever made by Eminem. He has now come out with a new video from his album which is of the song &quot;The Way I Am.&quot; In this song, Eminem makes it clear that he is what he is, and if you don't like him, he just doesn't care. If you haven't already bought this album, get up right now and buy it. I guarantee you, it will be worth the money. Let's hope to see more of Eminem in the future.
 B000AA7B4I-488 POSITIVO  I think that this CD rocks! Eminem has caught everyone's attention. The lyrics are amazing. However I would not let my little sister listen to it. It can sometimes be a little strong on words, but is,in every sense of the word, GREAT!
 B000AA7B4I-489 NEGATIVO  After listening to the Slim Shady LP many times, and hearing his cameos on 2001 I was quite impressed by Eminem. He was very appealing, funny, and had creative raps. I have heard the single many times, I thought it was alright (kinda of good) but I was waiting for the CD to come out to hear the good stuff. I do not think Slim Shady deserved a grammy but i thought his last cd was very &quot;tight&quot;. Marshall Mathers was a major let down it turns out real slim shady is the best song. I think Marshall Mathers is already old and it has been out one day. ON Slim shady were mm was entertaining funning and appealing because of his situation (poor white kid who got picked on did drugs had real problems) on Marshall Mathers he gets tired to quick too many songs about his NAME him being WHITE although he is the only white &quot;artist&quot; on the album, and killing just to appeal to the audience it is pointless. Where bonnie and clyde was somewhat fun Kim and the other songs like on the cd are sickening! why couldn't he be like that guy that looks exactly like him but sounds fresh and exciting and skilled! ...
 B000AA7B4I-490 NEUTRO  This album is extremelly overrated. I didn't say I didn't like it but sort of regret buying it. I brought it because this album is supposed to be gritty, hardcore and one of Eminem's best work. This album...is NOTHING compared to The Eminem Show. Only a few decent tracks on this album. The Eminem Show - ALL the tracks are good. There is harldy any consistancy in this album. The Eminem Show - true consistancy. If you people think this is good then I beg you to purchase The Eminem Show because this is nothing compared to The Eminem Show album
 B000AA7B4I-491 NEGATIVO  This guy is talentless. He's on MTV yet mocks MTV. Hypocrite. He writes songs about himself and how hard his life is/was. Redundant. He writes songs about people that don't like him/he doesn't like. Boring. The songs are stale, the beats are wannabe, and the voice/lyrics are really stupid. Eminem is for kids who don't know any better. If you are an adult and you own Eminem, shame on you.Eminem has opened the flood gates for MTV manufactured, talentless posers who seem to want to just look tough yet cute and sing about how hard life is and use the same sounds over and over again in each "song". Please throw away your Eminem material. Don't sell it, just toss it. Thre is NO WAY that Eminem is cool. After a few years pass and the kiddies grow up, this will be (already is) an abomination to music collections through time.
 B000AA7B4I-492 NEGATIVO  I generally avoid rap but i hear some friends talking about m.m.lp and one of them let me borrow it... it is nothing special, in fact it is the worst music i ever dared to listen to... i do not think it can be called music at all... and his lyrics are not "inspiring" or "creative" they sound like a 4th grader made them... if you want to listen to intellectual music pick up some pink floyd... if you wanna listen to some guy spewing cuss words and pointing out obvious facts, listen to eminem....
 B000AA7B4I-493 NEGATIVO  Yo what up dog. I am just talking like them. Eminem thinks he is tough. I am really scared of a 5'10 150 pound boy who couldn't survive one second in the army. Eminem is terrible so do everybody a favor and do not support his &quot;music.&quot; And he is a wifebeater. Why would you support a beater?
 B000AA7B4I-494 POSITIVO  Eminem's old album, &quot;Slim Shady LP&quot;, had an approach that has offended many people. Talking about slitting throats, and wrists. Harch lyrics against gays, his mom, wife, and even dad. Now he comes back with an album that's even more offensive than before. The &quot;Marshall Mathers LP&quot; almost needs a sign that tells more about his lyrics. On this CD, he really focuses on the media and what they have said about him. He even wrote an entire song based on what the media has done to him, which is called &quot;The Way I Am&quot;. Over all, his lyrics are totally unacceptable. But you know what? I think that's why we like him! A lot of us agree to what he's saying (well, the parts where he isn't joking around). He has made history being a white rapper more popular than anyone else in the world! Everyone that likes Eminem seems to agree about the stupid pop music going on. He tells everyone what he thinks about them saying that he hates gays (mainly on &quot;Criminal&quot;). He disses big hits *NSYNC and Britney Spears' music while also dissing Puffy, Christina Aguilera, and our President. No one really even cares about the President anymore, do they? But his best work happens to be &quot;Stan&quot; where he cleverly ties in lyrics to letters being written to him from a fan that is a little psycho. D-12 (Eminem's group), Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg and musical singer Dido help with Eminem on his current CD.I think overall, he's got his CD worked out for. Big bass, the dopest rhymes ever made, and clever ways to not only offend, but get on almost everyone's nerves. This is a must get CD. Most of the songs he's joking about, and he says it all on &quot;Criminal&quot;, so no reason to get mad at the most famous rapper.Buy his CD and find out for yourself. And look forward to D-12's album coming soon! Eminem is truely the best at what he does.
 B000AA7B4I-495 NEGATIVO  The most amazing &quot;Rap&quot; record I have seen so far. As you keep listening to the record from the beginning to the bitter end you will realize that this record is not for you to criticize(just like the public service announcement 2000 says). This record is about expressing yourself and not having to produce pleasant beats for the audience's ears. I was amazed by the lyrics and how they were performed in all of the songs. Marshall Mathers is thoughtful and humerous and it doesnt matter if he pleases you or not with good beats, he will definitely give you enough visual imagery for a few precious moments with his absolutely unique style and rich lyrics.All the songs have the best lyrics accompanied by the best suited music, and the skits are funny as hell(especially the one in which eminem is getting dissed!) Look for it if you dont already have the CD. I would definitely recomend this CD for the THINKERS of this world, and would urge them to see past the beats and see the soul of the record (if it was beats eminem was after then why would he be against the &quot;poppy sensations&quot;?)I gave 1 star to the CD on purpose because the rating doesnt matter, it is the record that does.
 B000AA7B4I-496 POSITIVO  Some people dont like rapper eminem becouse he has dealt with crap in his life but he really came with a lot of talent.The CD came out in 5/23/2000His songs:Public service announcement- This is a great track even though it only lasts about 30 seconds many of eminems other cd's had come with this sort of introduction including the slimshady LP which came with another public service announcement, D12 in Devils night came with one too.KILL YOU- Different track much like the Real Slim Shady(one of eminems winning songs)A very jummmppy song and cruel to the people who dont he doesnt think good of, not a seriouse song.STAN: Features Dido a great female singer this song is about a teen who has something for eminem and he has to keep writing to try and get some attention.PAUL- Very short skit somewhat pointlessWho Knew- Eminem never knen how far he was going to get or if he was going to move at all listen to this song!!STEVE BERMAN-Seriouse song bring out the fact that eminem doesnt care what everyone else thinks he is saying f the world f the presidents f everyone.THE REAL SLIM SHADY- MOre of a higher beat song and the guy is trying to say that hes so good everyones trying to imatate him the cloths the hair everything.Buy the cds and make judjements on the other songs that are on the marshall mathers LP. Songs also feature Dr.Dre, Xzibit, Dido, Snoop d-o double gg (snoop dogg)and many other rappers. I personally like this cd a lot along with many of other slim shady cd's.Cd's that i would also buy with this cd would be The Eminem Show,The Slimshady LP, Dr.Dre 2001,8 mile Soundtrack.Give me a good rating. Eminems a good guy who might need a slight additude adjustment with his girlfrien kim. i think that everyone need to listen to this cd to get the full effect of eminem to get inside him and see everything he is thinking.
 B000AA7B4I-497 POSITIVO  This is one of the hottest albums eva. THe beats are crazy and eminem just kill it wit his rhymes. In this album shady disses evry1 dat eva did nethin bad to him. everybody but eminems mom get this album....
 B000AA7B4I-498 NEGATIVO  Eminem's enormous popularity is completely confusing to me. Not only is his music harsh and violent, but he himself is a really evil and heartless person. He sings songs about killing, and that's got to tell you something about him as an artist. It's a baffling wonder that he isn't sitting locked up in a jail cell at this very moment, because he has done everything a person can do to deserve it. I'm doing all I can to convince the people I know who like him that he's a disgusting excuse for a person and that they really should stop listening to him, and I hope others who share my opinion will do the same. I'm beaming with pride to call myself an Eminem hater, and I feel so strongly about it that if I knew of some anti-Eminem club I'd join in a snap. This, along with any other Eminem CD, is most certainly NOT recommended to anybody. He does not deserve the money he gets when you buy his albums. Anyone with good common sense can see that. So PLEASE stop giving him the money, there is nothing riteous he could possibly be spending it on. He is a real moron, and I hope he gets thrown in prison someday soon. Then he can stop cursing the planet with his music. Doesn't even deserve the one star.
 B000AA7B4I-499 POSITIVO  The cd is great. Songs like Stan, and Under the Influence are better than anything any rapper could write. It offends everyone. It's funny. Everyone will like It!
 B000AA7B4I-500 NEGATIVO  I guess I'm very lucky that I didn't spend money on this. A coworker of mine mentioned he had this CD so I asked to borrow it. Now, I'll be the first to admit that I am NOT a rap fan, but my curiosity got the best of me and I had to find out for myself what all the hoopla was about. And am I *EVER* glad I didn't spend money on this.What's interesting is that young Mr. Mathers seems to possess quite a gift for rhyme and delivery which he unfortunately squanders in subject matters that are reminescent of a third-grader who just learned his first dirty word. The music is catchy, his delivery and enunciation are clear, and some of his phrasing is funny and sometimes actually clever (such as in &quot;Who Knew&quot; where he chastises parents for not having kept a closer eye on their children who learned to spew expletives left and right, presumably from an album such as his). But all these positives are so quickly erased by his choice of subject matters and his insistence on using as many vulgarities as he can within the 3-minute time span alloted for each song.The whole thing is offensive, [and] not primarily because of the choice of vulgar words and the subject matters ......PARENTS, TAKE NOTE: You *NEED* to listen to this! This is not an album whose worst offense is a bit of innuendo. This is hard-core vulgarity at its worst. Should your 12 year-old really be listening to this? Pop this in yourself and just listen to track 1 &quot;PSA 2000&quot;. Your ears will bleed. I'm all for freedom of speech, but this is definitely not an album for kids.
 B000AA7B4I-501 POSITIVO  Eminem is the best rapper he speaks it as it is most of the time what makes his music better is his violence and his cursing.
 B000AA7B4I-502 NEUTRO  I'm not denying Eminem has skills to a certain level, but really. Once you get passed the funny lines, what's left? He has very little substance as far as lyrics go. Pretty much a one-dimensional MC. On &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP,&quot; you'll find many stabs at groups such as Backstreet Boys, N'Stynk, I mean N'Sync, ICP, etc, as well as Britney Spears and the rest of the pop girl bands &amp; boy bands. He gets his point across, and sure it's funny....to a certain extent. To me, an album like this consisting of comedy is good for two or three listens. You'll be laughing listening to it the first few times, but by the fourth time through, you'll take it out and before you know it there's dust gathering on the cover.His one real attempt to stray away from the funnyness is &quot;Stan,&quot; a story about a crazed fan who is suicidal cuz he can't be with his idol, Eminem. This would be a very-well constructed story except for one thing--the first verse doesn't rhyme at all. Still, it may be the best track on the album simply because it's a breath of fresh air from all the crazy lyrics and misguided flows. Speaking of misguided flows, his attempts at switching up his flow on a few tracks are all-out wack. He sounds like nothing more than a whiteboy tryin to sound hard.&quot;Kim&quot; is just loud noise--pointless. &quot;B**ch Please 2&quot; doesn't match up to the original. &quot;Real Slim Shady,&quot; well, at one time that might've been a pretty good track, but after gettin drug through the mud by MTV, now it's just 'blah.' And &quot;Amityville&quot; has to be one of the lousiest tracks I've heard in a long time.Hidden amongst the mediocre are a few more standout tracks, namely &quot;Kill You&quot; and &quot;Marshall Mathers.&quot; But those fail to push this album above &quot;average&quot; status.I am not an Eminem hater (why would I have bought this album if I was?). But, to truly be considered a great MC, you have to come with more SUBSTANCE than just funny lines. Take an artist like Mos Def for example. He produces, he writes meaningful, poignant lyrics, and he has the creativity to do a great song about plain old water. That's the sign of a truly great MC. Maybe on his next album, Eminem will try to push his limit and step his substance-level up significantly. But as far as &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; goes, he fails to capture and HOLD the attention of the listener.
 B000AA7B4I-503 NEGATIVO  This may be one of the worst albums ever made, eminem is a horrible rapper, actor, person, and anything else he has ever attempted. All eminem does is rap and call his mom a b****. He tries to act tought even though he is afraid of Triumph the Insult Comic Dog, who is a puppet.One star is way too much for this album, why can't amazon allow me to give this "album" zero stars.
 B000AA7B4I-504 NEGATIVO  I just dont understand why people would be supporting this crap. Thanks for ruining rap Feminem, before you we had great minds like Tupac, but now we have hobos and wifebeaters like 50 Cent and Lil Jon. See the difference? Thought you would. This is nothing more than MTV promoted crap for preteens and wiggers who want to seem cool. Vanilla Ice was bad enough, but at least he used a good beat (Under Pressure) (it was stolen, but it was still better than that gay Real Slim Shady beat). Feminem will be forgotten in a few years, and so will this poprap that him, Jay-Z, and P. Diddy created. NWA and Public Enemy stood for something, this stands for nothing besides the glorification of making money without earning it. I mean, who wants to listen to a scrawny wigger complain about his mother, wife, and life in general over and over again? Only people trying to seem cool! If Feminem is really the idol of todays youth, then I'd hate to see the world twenty years down the road...God! Eazy E must be spinning in his grave!Rest in peace Eazy E.Burn in hell Feminem!Update: 7/27/05...I had to say something to that idiot who posted a review above mine. Apparently I dont have a right to my own opinion, thats odd, because I took US history and I blatantly remember one of my rights being FREEDOM OF SPEECH. Now, I dont know if this guy is familiar with the US Constitution, but I'm guessing he lives in this country (judging by his numerous mispellings and all). I think all that guy is is a 17 year old wigger, so I really shouldn't right more, he's probably too stupid to comprehend what I'm writing. Oh, and if Amazon doesn't post this update I'll be really, really pissed...
 B000AA7B4I-505 POSITIVO  One year after his fateful crashlanding into the mainstream, the original Slim Shady returns with a vengeance...against parents, politicians, pop stars, pop rappers, metal rappers, his ex-wife... you get the point. Eminem's racked up endless beefs, a huge fanbase, and enough platinum plaques to plate his teeth (YEEEEAAAHHHH!!!). In 2000, he cranks his winning formula of controversy up a notch to create an ultimately darker, funnier, and more brilliant album. He gets the party started with a more abrupt PSA, following with "Kill You", a maniacal message to his mother and all haters, set to a quirky beat courtesy of Dr. Dre. Then "Stan" takes listeners into the world of an obsessed fan of Em's through some clevely worded letters. Easily a classic, along with the more humorous "Who Knew", sarcastically addressing critics and parents who scorn his explicit lyrics. "The Way I Am" also does this, in a certainly more direct way. I could go on about these tracks, so i'll just skip to my favorites. There's "B-Please II", where the rapper rhymes alongside the Westside's finest (including a nice hook from Nate Dogg); "The Real Slim Shady" marking Shady's return to the charts, with the addictive hook from Dre; and "Kim", easily one of the scariest rap songs you'll ever find, with an eerily vivid depiction of Em's ex-wife's "murder". There's also "The Kids", available on the edited version, which shows that Shady's been watching a LOT of South Park. Overall, if you need any answer to why so much controversy and hype surrounds Eminem, cop this disc; it delivers on both fronts and then some.
 B000AA7B4I-506 POSITIVO  THIS IS DEVILISH GOOD, MAN, HE HAS SUM HOT TRACKS ON HERRE, BESIDE DA SINGLES,UNDER DA INFLUENCE, CRIMINAL, IM BACK, MARSHALL MATHERS, WHO KNEW AND MOST OTHER TRACKS R HOT, DA ONLY THANG DAT I DUN LIKE IS KEN KANIFF, DAT IS KINDA GROSS IF U THINK ABOUT IT
 B000AA7B4I-507 POSITIVO  i have always been an eminem fan, but i just recently got the cd. this dude is totaly awesome! now, i like a mix of music, from staind and disturbed to dr.dre and nelly. but eminem has to be the ultimate rapper. and u know what? HE A HOTTIE TOO! so buy this cd today, cuz its a pile of junk that u gonna love
 B000AA7B4I-508 POSITIVO  THIS WAS THE BEST ALBUM I'VE EVER HEARD. EMINEM SPEAKS HIS MIND AND PEOPLE LIKE THAT ABOUT HIM. HE IS DEFINATELY ONE OF A KIND BECAUSE OF HIS LYRICS. HE'S ORIGINAL AND THAT'S WHY I LIKE HIM. I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM AND FELL IN LOVE WITH HIM BECAUSE HE TELLS YOU HOW HE FELLS ABOUT CERTAIN TOPICS MAYBE IT'S NOT ALL TRUE BUT HE SPEAKS IT.
 B000AA7B4I-509 POSITIVO  This album truly is all about Marshall Mathers, a/k/a Slim Shady. He said that this album &quot;pushes freedom of speech to the limit&quot; and push the limit it does. Upon listening to the tracks, such as &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; you will hear horrible content. However, listeners should realize that he's just joking and he uses the content because he can. He is upset at being blamed for the Columbine murders, so in one of his songs, he encourages kids to kill, but encourages them sarcastically, repeating, &quot;Where were the parents?&quot; in the track &quot;Who Knew?&quot; Once you go past all of the content, you are left with a rapper who can flow with the best of them. He has a unique style of flowing and rhyming. If you are mature enough to have a &quot;sick sense of humor&quot; about the material in the songs, then the album is a must. Upon listening, you will know how good Eminem really is.
 B000AA7B4I-510 POSITIVO  its got faster beats hotter lyrics, and maybe offending but its the same old slim shady. nothing changes and thats good. i love and u will too
 B000AA7B4I-511 POSITIVO  Wow. This hits a new level of rap. Eminem blows everyting out of the water. If Tupac is the best rapper ever, than Eminem is a close second. I live how he disses teen pop stars like Christina Agularia and N'sync. The beats are phat, and you know they would be because Dre makes great beats. The songwriting is excellent. Please don't only see that he's white. If he were black, would he be any better? Be prepared, because the rest of the CD isn't anything like The Real Slim Shady. He raps with a lot of anger and intensity. But get it anyway, because it's the best thing to hit stores since the Slim Shady LP.
 B000AA7B4I-512 NEUTRO  3 1/2I will agree with the majority that Eminem's 2nd major release was his strongest, lyrically and creatively- but I will not go so far as to call this album a masterpiece, or even a classic. For every innovation there is a mediocrity. For every genre-busting crossover "Stan" or brilliantly deranged "Kim" there are just as many generic party anthems dwelling in the forgettable. No one can deny however, when Dre's production truly rises to Eminem's lyrical best- as brief segments of the record often flirt with, mainstream hip hop had risen to a new standard.
 B000AA7B4I-513 POSITIVO  This cd is not overrated in the least bit. First of all, its posers not posuers, wtf, and second of all 50 cent is a thug. I guess you dont consider him being shot 9 time as proof. Now about the album. All of these tracks are off the hook. It also may contain one of the most heartfelt songs of all time Kim, which happens to be my favorite songs of all time. This is a must have for anybody who likes rap. It may not be as good as Ready to Die, but it is still one of the best cds to come out in quite a while. Of course the cd is going to be top notc with Dr. Dre doing an unbelievable job producing.
 B000AA7B4I-514 POSITIVO  "The Marshall Mathers LP" is undoubtably Eminem's best effort. While "The Slim Shady LP" and "The Eminem Show" are great albums, they cannot match up to the dark humor and catchy songs of "The Marshall Mathers LP." I sincerely believe that there is not one bad song on the album. "The Marshall Mathers LP" is not, however, for the faint of heart, as every song contains multiple F-bombs, drug references, gun violence, etc. For those that can handle that, it only adds to the greatness of the album, because it offers a startling glimpse inside the artist's head that you don't get with all the other tired "gangsta rap" crap that is out there.Song reviews:1. Public Service Announcement 2000 - It's a skit.2. Kill You - Funny, but the raps in the middle are not quite as catchy as many of the other songs on the album. The hook is great. If you don't agree with me, I "will f!%#ing kill you!" (Rating: 8.5/10)3. Stan - It can drag on slightly, but the story is great. I think its one of the most creative and well written songs that Em has ever done. (Rating: 9/10)4. Paul (Skit) - Another skit.5. Who Knew - The lyrics are very creative, and the first verse is especially cathcy. (Rating: 9.5/10)6. Steve Berman (Skit) - Another skit, showcasing the fact that Steve Berman is a dumb@$$ who does not want to make money.7. The Way I Am - It can get a little tiring, but the rant against everybody is a solid song. Not as good as some of the others though. (Rating 8/10)8. The Real Slim Shady - This is one of the weaker songs on the album. The lyrics are not as offensive as the rest of the album, which makes me not like it as much. Lol (it's true though). (Rating: 6/10)9. Remember Me? - The first two verses are crap, but Em's verse is very good. Hmm... maybe I should try not saying "f!#%ing" for six minutes... NAH! (Rating: 6/10)10. I'm Back - Great SONG!! I love it. It's catchy and the lyrics are great. I especially love the Columbine part, although part of it is censored!! [The censored part is: "I take seven kids from Columbine, stand 'em all in line") Well, I will take seven kids from Columbine and bash their freakin' heads out! Censor that, Interscope! (Rating: 10/10)11. Marshall Mathers - Apparently Em doesn't like homosexuals. Kind of a sucky song.. but he does like to kill gays. (Rating: 4/10)12. Ken Kaniff (Skit) - This is the most F'ed up song (skit actually) that I've ever heard. Unless you like gay porn... you should skip it. (Rating: -895/10)13. Drug Ballad - Another mediocre song, I don't like the dance song beat. (Rating: 5/10)14. Amityville - I like the angry murder fantasies, but the song's sound can be abrasive at times. (Rating: 7/10)15. B!#@h Please II - Great beat. Great raps, although the end of Em's falls a bit flat. Overall, a very good song with a very cathcy hook. (Rating: 9.5/10)16. Kim - The hook is good, but the so-called verses suck. Yeah, I'd like to violently murder some people too, but I'd make a better rap about it. The violence is cool though. P.S.: Interscope needs the stop censoring stuff.. so what if a six-year-old got his throat cut. (Rating: 4/10)17. Under the Influence: A very good song, everyone's raps are good. (Rating: 10/10)18. Criminal: The last verse of this song is the best part of any Eminem song ever. I dare you to listen to this song without rewinding that part like six times. (Rating: 10/10)GREAT ALBUM!
 B000AA7B4I-515 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP from Eminem certainly took America by storm and has lasting power as most rap fans have this CD in their collection, and if they don't, theyve no idea what they're missing. Eminem has very dark but on point lyrics that pack a wallop with every listen, and shows how he just doesn't hold back from whatever's on his mind. Lyrically Eminem is very gifted and has a nack for writing catchy and memorable songs that stick with you which is the mark of a great artist. Despite the skeptisism Eminem showed that it doesn't really matter if you are white OR black as long as you can control the mic.1. PSA 2000 - N/A2. Kill You - 10/10 - This songs shows the anger and hatred Eminem has for everyone ranging from his parents to homosexuals to women and to radio stations. This is what I mean by 'Dark'.3. Stan - 10/10 - This is a classic track that shows Eminems true ability for penning classics. He displays the thoughts and feelings of a very 'on edge' fan of him in a very clever fashion, which makes this a standout track.4. Paul - N/A5. Who Knew - 10/10 - This song has a very ominous message to parents who blame the actions of their children on entertainers in the music industry and who dont take responsibility for they're parenting. Another standout.6. Steve Berman - N/A7. The Way I Am - 10/10 - This song really shows Eminems built up anger about his fame and personality. This is definately a classic song and shouldn't be slept on.8. The Real Slim Shady - 8/10 - Most of you would probably agree with me saying that this song doesn't really fit the albums theme. Although saying that some of the lyrics are the catchiest on the CD, but it bores me because it was so overplayed.9. Remember Me? - 9/10 - I was close to giving this song 10 out of 10 but the guest appearences really let down the song. If only Em handled the whole track to himself I would have gave it 10, because his verse was a real standout. Godd nevertheless.10. I'm Back - 10/10 - Another classic song that shows Em's sense of humour towards critics, and also indulges in drugs and violence. This is one of Ems best songs. Period.11. Marshall Mathers - 10/10 - This shows his hatred once more where he raps about the deaths of 2Pac and The Notorious B.I.G., The music industry, His mother and homosexuals... again. This is ANOTHER classic track which shouldn't go un-noticed.12. Ken Kaniff - This is a waste of time and completely disgusting. SKIP!!13. Drug Ballad - 9/10 - This shows Em speed rapping about erm... drugs, as the name of the song implies. This isn't exactly a standout track but really good overall.14. Amityville - 10/10 - This shows the 'Darkness' of the album once again, where him and Bizarre of D-12 talk about the harsh realities of Detroit and how they are 'mentally ill from Amityville!'. This is quite a standout track, not a classic by any means but still very good.15. Bitch Please II - 10/10 - Classic track with Dre, Snoop, Xzibit and Nate Dogg. This has one of the best beats on the album and very good lyrics especially from Em and Xzibit. This is another standout track and should NEVER be slept on.16. Kim - 10/10 - This is probably the darkest song Em has ever written where he comentates the murder of his wife Kim. Very Dark but creative, lol. Chorus is very catchy and the beat is very effective with the style of Ems rhymes. Definately a standout track that shouldnt be played if your under 16 and your parents are around.17. Under The Influence - 10/10 - Classic track with Em and all of D-12 rappin about drugs and alcohol. The lyrics are very witty and clever which make you want to hear it again and again. Another standout with a very catchy beat.18. Criminal - 10/10 - ANOTHER classic song where Eminem tries to address freedom of speech and that its only music that he is performing, not multiple crimes. He's basically saying that no one should be affected by what he is saying as its only music. Definately a standout track.This album really showed Eminem in his prime where he shows his anger, hate, frustration and sense of humour. I don't think Em couldve done a better job with this record, and its a shame he'll never top this. But this is a modern day classic and shouldn't be slept on as it is one of the most creative albums in years and shows Eminems true talents.
 B000AA7B4I-516 POSITIVO  Kill you is one of the catchyiest songs eva. Uhhm well i wish i had the CD with me while im writing this...Stan got way too much credit and it kinda sucks, the who knew song is very good and extremely catchy!! The way i am and the real slim shady, we all know these songs...The ken kaniff thing uhhm..like what the hell!?! Then theirs drug ballad i really like that one and uhhm criminal is good ending song. Note: the song Kim is not for people who dont like violence. BUY THIS CD....REMEBER: YOU LIKED MY REVIEW.
 B000AA7B4I-517 POSITIVO  The guy at the top of the review list doesn't know s*** about s*** when he says MTV only plays him because he is white. FAAAAAA!!! First of all, paying attention to MTV in the first place is a qualification for not knowing what you're talking about, so basically---&gt;you've got problems. Second...Eminem no skill? FAAAAAAAAAAA!!!! Rhyme faster and better and with more variation in rhythm than he does....all while making it sound good, then hit me back buddy;). Stop watching &quot;Cleaning out my Closet&quot; videos on TRL and go listen to Em's music (before he was &quot;HI! My name is...&quot;). This is not to say his new material isn't good, but there seems to be a misconception among TRL-neo-junkies like yourself about Eminem's message and roots. Thirdly...the Marshall Mather LP has the power to knock you the **** out with tracks like Kim and the Way I Am....seriously good music, not deservant of sub-intellect reviews.
 B000AA7B4I-518 POSITIVO  no doubt, 1 of da best rap cds ever. dr.dre's 2001, is also amazing, but this whole cd is great. This is my all time favorite rap album.if u like any of eminem's songs, BUY THIS. i fell in luv wit da song, "the real slim shady", and i went straight 2 a music shop, and I bought this. i listened 2 da whole record, and it was great. i'm 14, so i grew up wit em, and i hav all of his cds, (and this really rare 1 called "physco"). But seriously, listen 2 this WHOLE album. This is em's best. He wasn't a lil kid rapper, and he wasn't an old veteran; he was at da peek of his life, and he just totally shocked da world wit this album. Oh yeah, and if you didn't know, this is da biigest "rap" album ever sold. No other rap cd, has sold 17 miilion, or more. PLZ RATE THIS HELPFUL!!!
 B000AA7B4I-519 POSITIVO  I have been a loyal follower of eminem since I fist heard him, and i think this is his best work ever. I went out and bought this cd the first week it came out and I still can't put it down. This by far beats his last cd, something I previously thought impossible. The lyrics are EXTREMELY funny, and will keep you laughing for hours. You should defenatly buy this cd. One of my personal favorites is the song called &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, it is one of the funniest things I have ever heard. It is defenitly worth the money.
 B000AA7B4I-520 POSITIVO  Eminem's The Marshall Mathers LP is the best Rap CD ever made. I am not a big fan of rap, but with this cd I can listen to the whole thing without skipping a track. Eminem has a great humor and can really rap. The best songs on the CD are Stan, The Way I Am, Marshall Mathers and of course The Real Slim Shady. In my opion this CD blows past The Slim Shady LP in terms of quality. There is more Rap and less skits. Do yourself a favor and go pick this up you wont be disappionted.
 B000AA7B4I-521 POSITIVO  I got &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; when it first cameout. I must say that it is a crazy cd, alot of people don't likeEminem because he's white. Well, I'm black and I love his music. I think Eminem has gotten a little personal with this album. I like the songs on it but, I think the songs on &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; are funnier than he's new one. Don't get me wrong I still think that his new LP is great, you gotta go get it.
 B000AA7B4I-522 POSITIVO  This is one of the best cd's i have ever heard if you dont like rap buy this cd if you like rap by this cd Stan is the best rap song i have ever heard it is so touching it is about this guy who loves Eminem and is writing these letters to him then in the third verse because EM hasn't answered him he is going to send him a cassete telling him that he is killing himself but he forgets to send thee tape out then they find him in the water under the bridge and EM hears it on the news then writes to Stan and at the end of the letter he realizes that it was Stan who drove of the bridge. the rest of the tracks hold their own but cant stack up to stan.
 B000AA7B4I-523 POSITIVO  Allright all of you who dont like BackStreet Boys , ICP, or any of the other group recently bashing eminem.. He does get back at them with this cd.. He did a great job .. some of the songs are kinda strange but when u listen to them a few times he is rapping about everyday situations and giving you the choices that you may not have thought of yet.. One favorite is track 3 called Stan-f-Dido it is a great song great beat and keeps you listening to whats going on in the song. I think Eminem did a great job on this cd i think it i s a must buy for ny one no matter what kind of music you like it has something for everyone..
 B000AA7B4I-524 POSITIVO  I think that this album is excellent. Not only is there humour in it but it is also conveying some meaningful messages in Eminem's unique way. The lyrics are good, the beats are good and I cannot complain about any aspect of this album. Of course, it's not for the light-hearted and you have to be warned about the content of the album, but if you're a fan you'll love it. I recommend it to anyone who's into this kind of thing.
 B000AA7B4I-525 NEUTRO  I do enjoy this CD to a certain extent. The Real Slim Shady is a really good song, PSA 2000 is freally funny and I enjoyed Paul (skit). But when it comes to songs like Kim and Stan I don't even know what to say, those songs are just sad, I don't appreciate the song Kim at all, it is disgusting, stuff like that really happens and Kim sounded pretty close to the real thing. I would recomend this CD to certain extent.
 B000AA7B4I-526 POSITIVO  THIS ALBUM IS AWESOME 10 TIMES BETTER THAN THE FIRST ONE.WITH SONGS LIKE STAN,AND CRIMINAL YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH BUYING THIS ALBUM.SO BUY IT NOW.THIS ALBUM IS WORTH 7 STARS..........
 B000AA7B4I-527 POSITIVO  If you havent bought this CD yet, Go buy it! Every single song is listenable. Stan is powerful. B Please 2 is a jam. Marshall Mathers is funny, because Eminem makes fun of every artist that deserves it. Every song is graphic and offensive, which adds to the enjoyment.
 B000AA7B4I-528 POSITIVO  This just in, Eminem has now offended every single artist and celebrity in the world in his new album The Marshall Mathers LP. This CD just totally blows your mind away, and it is not good for a person who takes things seriously or for young children. It is as dirty and as raunchy as they come. But it is pure rap genius!
 B000AA7B4I-529 POSITIVO  This cd is of course very controversial. If your a huge EMinem fan then this is the cd TO HAVE. If you hate Eminem(which i cant understand y) and his harsh lyrics which is only him being brutally honest on what he feels then DONT BUY THIS CD.This cd contains songs in which EMinem trashes many ppl but of course that is him, and in a way these songs are enjoyable and we become infactuated with it. But on this cd are so many other songs tat show such a greater side of who Eminem is. This cd closes with a song in which Eminem saysA lot of people ask me.. stupid f***** questionsA lot of people think that.. what I say on recordsor what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real lifeor that I believe in itOr if I say that, I wanna kill somebody, that..I'm actually gonna do itor that I believe in itWell, s***.. if you believe thatthen I'll kill youYou know why?Cuz I'm aCRIMINAL----------------This song to me was definately a great song to close with. It just shows tat Eminem is just making a living trying to just make ends meat. Just because he says something doesnt mean thats what he does or wat he's going to do. Music is just a matter of free speech. THIS IS DEFINATELY THE CD FOR EMINEM FANS.
 B000AA7B4I-530 POSITIVO  This is my favorite cd of all time!! I love evey single minute of this cd. This is when eminem was the best ever!! If you don't own this, which I hope you do, BUY THIS!
 B000AA7B4I-531 POSITIVO  MARSHALL MATHERS LP1. PSA 20002. Kill you--Personally not my favorite song, but it grows on you the more it is played.3. Stan--Good emotional depth, but doesn't have the drive to make you wanna repeat it when it's done.4. Paul5. Who Knew--Delivered more like a defense speech than a rap but it's so lyrically risque you won't really care.6. Steve Berman7. The Way I Am--Point in the album where it reaches "classic" status. Good flow, but the last verse seems to fall under it's own weight.8. The Real Slim Shady--this is kind of like a tv commercial in between a serial killer marathon. Good hook and smart lyrics, but the beat falls short of genious.9. Remember Me (feat. RBX, Sticky Fingaz)--Raw and merciless, this is where the MMLP takes a different shape. Underratted, but not quite classic.10. I'm Back--Not so addictive hook is the major setback to this song. 3rd verse is inspired and classic, but the first two feel extremely half assed.11. Marshall Mathers--Without the added symbols, this would have been just average.12. ken keniff (ICP reference)13. Drug Ballad--This track kind of slows the album down, but at the same time is the introduction to the final adrenaline kicked half.14. Amityville--Best song on the album. The tight beat and 3rd verse alone makes it worth the listen.15. B***h Please 2--Classic no matter what way you look at it since Snoop, Dre and Em all collaborated, but if it weren't for that, this would have been trash.16. Kim--I can't rate this.17. Under the influence-- Good lines, bad beat.18. Criminal--This song would have been much better as an opener.
 B000AA7B4I-532 POSITIVO  when i first heard eminem, i thought of him as an average rapper but as he continued to release new songs, i began to grow on him. marshall mathers l.p. is eminem's first and probably last promising and truthful albums. the eminem show was alright but it didn't reach the standards that marshall mathers l.p. received. encore, i hear, is just plain garbage.many have heard the touching stan song, using heavy bass along with an heavenly voice by dido. his lyrics are the best i've seen with him and i don't think he'll be able to create another song using incredible lyrical talent like that (see the lyrics involving the story about phil collins' 'in the air tonight'). other cuts that rock the mic are the way i am, marshall mathers, drug ballad, criminal and i'm back. he speaks very much about problems in his life (especially his wife, kim), his daughter, his mother, disrespect towards anyone disrespecting him and death.kim, to me, was too personal to record and shouldn't have been included on the album. the lyrics are way too harsh and immediately paint a picture of exactly what eminem is saying.i'm not saying eminem is a bad rapper, i actually have a lot of respect for him for what he went through because he showed the world, especially the black people, that he could rise to the top. but some of the trash he's releasing today by himself and with his group, d-12, gets you wondering, "is he ever going to release more truthful songs?". the marshall mathers l.p., to me, is a classic album and should have received a 5 mic in the source magazine. that's how good this album is, according to my calculations.
 B000AA7B4I-533 POSITIVO  this i a great cd. im a huge eminem fan. This is his 2nd best cd. Encore is the best. The treasn i only giv it four stars is because i can't listen to every song. My favoite songs are kill you, stan, who knew, the real slim shady, the way i am, and under the influence.(great and funny song) If u dont have this buy it immedietly. but dont buy the clean version. only buy the explicit verson. the clean version(i dnt have but i heard about it)scrambles the wrong words and it sounds hribble .Overoll it was great.
 B000AA7B4I-534 POSITIVO  this is a great album with two hit songs stan and the real slim shady
 B000AA7B4I-535 POSITIVO  Eminem is one of the best rappers of all time. This CD is his best album that he has made to date. It broke a record by selling 1.76 million in its first week which is the most sold ever by a solo artist. Nobody can seriously say that Eminem doesn't have any talent. I don't care what you say, this guy can rap. The best songs are "The Way I Am" "Criminal" and "Stan." Every rap fan will enjoy this album and I suggest that you all buy it.1. PSA 2000 (Intro)2. Kill You-4/53. Stan-5/54. Paul (Skit)5. Who Knew-4/56. Steve Berman (Skit)7. The Way I Am-5/58. The Real Slim Shady-5/59. Remember Me?-4/510. I'm Back-5/511. Marshall Mathers-5/512. Ken Kaniff (Skit)13. Drug Ballad-4/514. Amityville-5/515. Bitch Please II-4/516. Kim-5/517. Under The Influence-5/518. Criminal-5/5The Kids-5/5 (Only on the edited version, takes the place of Kim)
 B000AA7B4I-536 POSITIVO  I'm not a rap fan at all, I loath it, but GOD! EMINEM knows what he does, and he does it perfectly, he's a genius so brilliant, and so good. He has the style, the courage, the inteligence, and the voice, to say what he wants, speak his mind, and share all the sh** that he lived, letting us know that there's somebody else that went through the same, or something worse. I love rock and rock/pop, and oldies, rap is the last thing on my list, but for godsakes EMINEM is a genius, that's why he wins so many vma's every year, LONG LIFE TO SLIM SHADY!!!!!, and the marshall matters LP is a great album!!, also THE EMINEM SHOW, not too much of a fan of the first one but it's very good, keep on. Don't try to shut him, because he has the guts to speak his soul, I admire you EMINEM
 B000AA7B4I-537 POSITIVO  Although the temptation to rush out another album to capitalise on the phenomenal success of `The Slim Shady Lp' must have been strong....Eminem instead used the various negative elements around him, (Court cases, Gun Charges, Relationship Breakdown) to effectively blur the distinction line between Humour, Satire, Angry Rhetoric, reality &amp; Fiction, to create an album as lyrically fierce, controversial, profound &amp; disturbing as his previous effort, (although the anger exhibited here feels more fined tuned, possibly due to Eminem having more to sound off about). Yet it's not all frustrated ranting, and Cutting one liners.....The `Dido' Collaboration track "Stan", is as much of an quietly introspective track as Eminem has ever committed to Cd......and the deceptively funny "The Real Slim Shady" shows Eminem at his lyrically most amusing, and its here to we see that Eminem is looking to push himself creatively as an artist &amp; a Rapper, and with output as brilliantly realised as this, criticisms regarding a reoccurring emphasis on his `Fame/Mother/&amp; Ex-girlfriend' in amongst his songs seem trivial at best.
 B000AA7B4I-538 POSITIVO  THIS IS EMINEM'S BEST CD SO FAR. ALL OF THE SONGS ARE GOOD. ''STAN'' IS THE BEST EMINEM SONG EVER, AND BOY IS THIS ONE UNFORGETTABLE SONG, ESPECIALLY IF YOU SEEN THE VIDEO FOR IT. OUT OF THE WHOLE CD, THE REMIX TO ''B***H PLEASE'' ,WHICH FEATURES SNOOP DOGG, NATE DOGG, XZIBIT, &amp; DR. DRE, IS THE BEST SONG ON THIS WHOLE CD. THE BEST THING ABOUT THIS IS THE FACT THAT EVEN THOUGH THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE THE CLEAN VERSION, THEY ALLOW EM TO SAY A**, B***H, &amp; SH** BUT THEY STILL WON'T LET HIM SAY F**K OR MAKE ANY REFERENCES TO SEX, DRUGS, OR VIOLENCE. BUT OTHER THAN THAT, THIS IS A VERY ENTERTAINING CD. TRACK 16 ON THIS EDITED VERSION IS ''THE KIDS'' INSTEAD OF ''KIM''.
 B000AA7B4I-539 POSITIVO  .... Coupled with Dr. Dre, who happens to be the most gifted producer in rap and an outstanding musician in his own right, Eminem proves to be the best lyricist around, and proves himself to be a commodity not just because he's &quot;W-H-I . . . T-E, cause MTV was so friendly to me . . .&quot; but because he's damn good.And his music works on so many levels. He rips into Puffy, N'SYNC, Britney Spears, and Christina Aguilera, and leaves enough scar tissue to destroy their pristine images. His rants about boy bands and bad rappers and stupid politicians are intensely satisfying and witty. On &quot;Stan,&quot; he takes his music to a higher level, by rapping from the perspective of an obsessed fan. Eminem innovates on tracks like &quot;The Way I Am,&quot; by rapping in aggressive shouts, rather than the now-standard mellow lyrical flow in most current rap songs. His vocals are as intense as his lyrics in that track, as well as &quot;Kim,&quot; a disturbing track which blurs the line between his music and his life. Nonetheless, it's powerful music with a voyeuristic element which will astonish listeners.Weak points mostly fall on tracks Eminem produced himself. &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; belongs as a B-Side to one of &quot;The Slim Shady LPs&quot; more sophomoric tracks. &quot;Under the influence&quot; is even worse. Still, a tremendous follow-up effort from one of rap's top talents. Here's hoping he can get his life in order and continue to top the charts in the coming years.
 B000AA7B4I-540 POSITIVO  i recently bought eminem's newest cd The Marshall Mathers LP and i have not stopped listening to it. it is the best cd i have ever bought and i am really glad he made it. i hope everyone else who has bought it or is thinking about buying it enjoys it as much as i do. i am very happy that his was the top selling solo artist album because he really deserves it.
 B000AA7B4I-541 POSITIVO  i have his cd and it is good i guess. the songs have too much swears in them and i feel that he needs to stop that a little bit. his music shows that eminem is the top rapper around. this cd has songs that will raise the hair on the top of your head. well go out and buy this cd because this rappa got somethang.
 B000AA7B4I-542 POSITIVO  Although controversy abounds the white rapper eminem/slim shady, he and his producer Dr. Dre have once again crafted an album that not only thumps hard on tracks like &quot;Kill You&quot; and &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; but manages to create strong mental pictures best displayed by &quot;Stan&quot;. While the rest of the industry continues to pump out money/( )/( ) jams, Eminem is a nice change from the the standard hip hop fair.
 B000AA7B4I-543 POSITIVO  Well, well, well. All those who critised eminems first publicly released album have been hit in the face hard, by this mindblowing album. Whether you like to admit it or not, Eminem is here to stay, and hes doing a damned good job at it to. I thught that when Em was signed to Dre's label, that he would follow the Dr's orders and be exactly like him, but Em has widened his horizons and brought out a truely astonishing album, that will probably go better than te TRIPLE PLATINUM of his first album, the slim shady LP.Speaking now of the content of the album, he has stepped up a notch in his beats as well as his ability to rap. If any of you have heard Em's underground album, Infinite, you will understand that he has got so much better form when he was just another wannabe rap superstar. There are a few songs witch really make this album original. First of all The real slim shady, in this song Em discusses (if you can call it that) what people think of him, and what he thinks of them, hence the inclusion of Britney Spears, and Chrisina Agulera (i know that isnt how you spell her name but hey, who cares, your here to read about Eminem). Stan, this shows Em's humanity, but i would actually like to known the realism that accompanies this song, did stan really exist? Also criminal, this is such a condradiction of his songs at the begining of the album, but anyway buy it from Amazon and see right?This really is a good album to buy, i bought it the day it came out in England, and i loved it form the second i put it in my CD player, its just pure quality. Also i beg you not to listen to the people who are just out to make this album sound rubbish, they are obiously fans of a different nature of music, who have nothing better to do, and hey, if you dont like the album, then sell it to your mates, huh?One more time loud as you can, how does it go? Great album Em, and if your reading, i hope you do some more stuff in England, that concert in 1998 was phat.
 B000AA7B4I-544 POSITIVO  This album scares me. I can say that very honestly. However, it's definitely necessary to portray this part of life and the scenarios that Eminem portrays in his highly interesting songs are painted so well that it brings chills to the listener. Em's main thing is to offend, and he does so a lot more on this album than on the other. I don't agree with his opinions (although he is always contradicting them so I don't even know if they are his opinions) and that shows what an amazing artist he is. I can listen to his album, be offended, and listen to it again. Here are the tracks: 1.PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT 2000: A skit similar to the opening of his last album. 2.KILL YOU: He starts off with a bang, and about a million gruesome threats. luckly, he's just playin' and the chorus where the beats &quot;drop&quot; is really cool. 3.STAN (ft. Dido): This is probably the best song on the album. The subject matter (an obsessive fan) is intriguing and very, very sad. The lyrics are amazing and Dido's haunting voice suits this song incredibly well. 4.PAUL: This is a really short skit. Not much to say about it. 5.WHO KNEW: I love this song. It's really upbeat and catchy and shows Eminem's skills. It's cool how he stands up for his music. 6.STEVE BERMAN: A funny, short skit. 7.THE WAY I AM: One of the highlights. It kinda has a gothic sound to it and the rapping has a unique style to it. 8.THE REAL SLIM SHADY: Another highlight. Everyone's heard this song. It's really good and really catchy. 9.REMEMBER ME?(ft. RBX &amp; Sticky Fingaz): One of the album's low points. The guests sound really stupid and the song is not as good as the rest of the songs. Probably the worst on the album. 10.I'M BACK: This is a really cool mellow song. Em makes up for the last song with the cool rapping and lyrics. 11.MARSHALL MATHERS: Probably the most offensive song on the album. The subject matter is really not needed but the chorus and song make up for it. 12.KEN KANIFF: A funny skit. 13.DRUG BALLAD: Eminem's &quot;love song&quot; is really upbeat and has a cool chorus with a woman singing in the background. 13.AMITYVILLE (ft. Bizarre): This is a creepy shout-rap song with a really cool/depressing chorus. 14.B**** PLEASE II (ft. Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit &amp; Nate Dogg): This is a highlight. This is the only song on the album where the guests actually contribute something good to a track. If you like Dr. Dre's album, you'll like this song. 15.KIM: A prelude to &quot;Bonnie &amp; Clyde&quot;, this song is really horrifying. The way that Eminem raps on this and his choice of words is just chilling. 16.UNDER THE INFLUENCE (ft. D-12): This is a really cool song. Really funny and catchy. 17.CRIMINAL: I love how Eminem shouts &quot;criminal&quot; in this song. He's not really defending himself that well, but, it's a good song anyway. ~ no lyrics included.
 B000AA7B4I-545 POSITIVO  I took a listen to all the tracks, and I think I actually enjoyed this CD. I'm not a huge rap/hip-hop fan, but this CD has to be an exception. I only listened to it because Dido was featured on track #3, Stan. Anyway, I've read all the past reviews and everyone is praising &quot;Stan&quot; and the gorgeous background vocals. If you are all wondering who it is, it's Dido. Please check her out. Her music is completely different from Eminem's, but it's still hella tight music.
 B000AA7B4I-546 NEUTRO  ... the title of the album says it all. the first album was way better lyrically; funnier and sharper social commentary.the beats were way better too. the new album's sound like they were all lifted off of a missy elliot cd.maybe after a few more listens i'll change my mind. but following the best rap cd of all time, it just seems like a disappointment.
 B000AA7B4I-547 POSITIVO  Came in perfect condition! No scratches, case was in perfect condition! AMAZING CD, thank you! Came just as described! I love Eminem, and I thank you very much for prompt delivery.
 B000AA7B4I-548 NEUTRO  The CD didn't take that long to ship and seemed to be in good condition. However, on at least 3 of the songs it skips and is static the entire time, which obviously sucks, and is definitely not &#34;Good&#34; condition. If I wanted to return it it would end up costing me $$ for shipping and in the end wouldn't be worth the time for money on my end. Probably not going to risk the purchase next time.
 B000AA7B4I-549 POSITIVO  Taking a more serious tone, Eminem's sophomore album `The Marshall Mathers LP' has a harder time gaining traction than his debut album did. I know that quite a few of Eminem's fans consider this his best album, but I'm not in that group. It is a solid release, and it does contain some of his best (or at least his most memorable) tracks, but in the end the album comes across uneven and unfocused, and it loses a few points for that.The album actually opens on a near brilliant front and carries that torch for the entire first half of the album before teetering on unfocused ridiculousness.The intensity that unleashes itself on the albums opener, `Kill You', is pretty straightforward. One must remember that Eminem is NOT to be taken seriously. If you fail to keep that prospective then you may find yourself a tad nauseous. Still, on tracks like the all-too-real `Kim', Eminem seems to cross a line that isn't easy to come back from. Even a fan of his (like myself) can find it difficult to find tracks with that much realism comfortable. `Kill You' has a very thin line of comic relief to keep it accessible and entertaining. `Kim' loses that humor and replaces it with shocking segments that make it unsettling to say the least. That's kind of what I mean about uneven. Eminem is at his best when he is saying things that are repulsive in content yet humorous in texture. When he forgets to add those layers of humor he steps over into territory that makes the listener uncomfortable. That's why songs like `Who Knew' and `The Real Slim Shady' work so well. Eminem clowning around makes for a fun filled afternoon of lyrical debauchery.Now, that isn't to say that Eminem cannot tackle weighty issues with admirable results. Remember how well he saddled his debut with tracks like `Rock Bottom'? Songs like `Stan' (arguably one of the best songs Eminem has ever recorded), `Marshall Mathers' and `The Way I Am' are very strong dramatic contenders. These songs are dark, laced with a realistic approach to humanity that elevates Eminem's visionary expression.At track nine, with `Remember Me', the album starts to falter. `Remember Me' just feels clunky and unfocused. It's not smooth and it isn't really edgy. It feels kind of fake. `Amityville' is very much the same in style and ending result. It just feels like a failed experiment. The guest rappers enlisted really fail to add anything to the tracks, since they pale in comparison to Eminem's abilities. Once he comes on he crushes them.Thankfully `Please II' features qualified guest artists.`Drug Ballad' is fun, but it also just feels like `Cum on Everybody' redux. `I'm Back' and `Under the Influence' have their moments (especially `I'm Back') but overall they don't have the `pop' needed to hold up against the albums first half.The closing track, `Criminal', is just effortless in tone and overall one of the best tracks on the album. It's flawless. It was the best way for the album to close for it almost makes you forget about the misfortune of tracks like `Remember Me'. In the end this album us a solid effort and a nice follow up to `The Slim Shady LP'. Sandwiched between his debut and `The Eminem Show' (which are his two best albums) this one gets put on the backburner sometimes (by me) but listening to it this past week (getting ready for this review) has made me respect it a little more. It has it's flaws (some of them blaringly obvious) but it also contains some of Eminem's richest rhymes and some of his more daring experiments (as much as I kind of loathe `Kim', it was a very big risk and in a way it paid off).
 B000AA7B4I-550 POSITIVO  In my opinion i think this is eminem's best album,but i still love the slim shady LP.This is his best album because it's a more personal album and songs like kill you,stan and kim really stick out,and its way more raw then any other album he's ever done,next to slim shady EP which is a demo that came out before the LP.i just can feel his pain every single song i hear on this cd and its amazing!and i like how he pushes the limit with some of the stuff he talks about,and he uses his freedom of speech to the fullest to get his message across.If thats what he needs to do for people to listen to him and buy his album then so be it.this album gets the credit it deserves and i know its alittle late but iv always been a em fan and i lost my copy of this so i couldnt help myself but buy this album again!
 B000AA7B4I-551 POSITIVO  Back when I was about 13 years old, I heard a little song called "Without Me." That song was so infectious for me at the time, that I decided to purchase Eminem's 4th album (counting Infinite), "The Eminem Show." Now, being a 13 year old who was obsessed with that song, I was hoping for a whole album with that type of vibe, with the same goofy tone and funny rhymes. Well, I was a bit disappointed at the time I guess you could say. Fast forward to today, in my college years, when I got more serious with my hip-hop listening, and I gave the album some more chances. And I was hooked. I thought it was one of the finest hip-hop albums I've heard. Then I thought to myself, "What's the rest of this dude's catalog sound like?" Well, I had heard that Eminem's infamous "The Marshall Mathers LP" was considered his best album by many people, due to its shock value and incredible lyricism, so I said to myself, "HELL YES! I need to hear this immediately." And wouldn't you know it, I wasn't disappointed. Here's a track by track analysis, excluding the skits (although I thought they were entertaining as hell, so I recommend listening to them):1.) "Kill You"--An opening track that sets the dark, twisted mood for the album. The title of the song is pretty self-explanatory: he's rapping about killing people, particularly women. The perfect song to introduce what's to come. 4.5/52.) "Stan"--Despite this one being one of the singles he released, this has been one of my favorite hip-hop storytelling songs. It's basically about an obsessed fan who wants to be just like Eminem, and when Em doesn't answer back his letters, he goes off the deep end. Very dark with four brilliant verses filled with vivid imagery and masterful storytelling. Not to mention an awesome sample of Dido's famous breakthrough song, "Thank You." 5/53.) "Who Knew"--The subject here is about Em's effect on society with his lyricism, and how he never expected people to take him so literally. Pretty solid track with dope lyrics. 4/54.) "The Way I Am"--Now THIS is good ol' fashion Eminem tearing ish up, and basically his "F-you" song to the world, revealing to everyone that he may sound and act like a jerk, but that's just the way he is, and to just leave him alone. One of my favorite tracks on the album in which Em shows some true emotion. 5/55.) "The Real Slim Shady"--I remember this one WAY back in the day as one of the first rap songs I had ever heard, and it's still a nice song to listen to. Yeah, it's one of his typical lighter singles that disses celebrities with a lot of animated lyrics, but it's one of his better ones. Plus he has a lot of funny lines in there. Not to mention bangin production from Dr. Dre himself. 4/56.) "Remember Me" (featuring RBX and Sticky Fingaz)--Another one of my favorites of the album, especially because of the two guest spots. The song starts off with a sinister-sounding, yet brief verse from RBX to set the malicious mood of the track. Then Sticky comes on and SLAUGHTERS it. By the time Eminem does his thing with his verse, it'll be easy to see that Sticky definitely had the best, and most badass verse on the song. They all kill it, though. 5/57.) "I'm Back"--Basically another song in which Eminem puts up his middle finger some more to the world and spits some more of his controversial lyrics, even having a line about Columbine being censored ON THE EXPLICIT VERSION of this album. Very good track, though. 4.5/58.) "Marshall Mathers"--Here's a track in which he starts getting personal with some people, particularly Insane Clown Posse and a bunch of pop artists that were doing it big at the time. Here you hear the emotion in Em's voice once again, dropping some knowledge over a somber beat. 4.5/59.) "Drug Ballad"--In my opinion, this is probably one of the weaker tracks on the album. It's pretty much a party song about drugs. Nothing special, but there's some sharp lyricism as usual. 3.5/510.) "Amityville" (ft. Bizarre)--This one is reminiscent of a horrorcore rap song, rapping about killing with sick, vivid lyrics. Em even makes a mention of murder being notorious in Detroit in his last verse. A solid song with a haunting beat. 4/511.) "Bitch Please Pt. II" (ft. Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg, and Xzibit)--A very pimpilicious posse cut with everyone spitting some hot fire over a funky Dre production. Nuff said. After the last couple of songs, this definitely picks things up a little bit again. 5/512.) "Kim"--Oh. My. Goodness. THIS is the song that makes this album special. It's Eminem's murder opus directed toward his ex-wife, complete with shouting and shocking lyrics to go along with it. There's a reason this song is talked about so much. Probably not for the squeamish, but if you can handle it, it's one damn good song. Yeah, I feel kind of strange and twisted admitting it, but this is one of my favorites simply because of the emotion and anger put into it. One of Eminem's best songs ever. 5/513.) "Under the Influence" (ft. D-12)--After "Kim," this song was a letdown for me. Nothing really special here except more absurd lyrics, with a guest spot by Eminem's group, D-12. One of the weaker tracks on the album. 3.5/514.) "Criminal"--A very fitting outro. He's basically saying to not take him seriously, despite his shocking lyrics that can make him sound like a wanted criminal at times. There's some humorous lyrics mixed with some clever lines as well, and it's just a great way to end the album. 4/5So, overall, this album isn't quite the classic that everyone may say it is, but it's pretty damn close. After all, this album DID define who he was as an artist. If you haven't checked it out yet, go give it a listen. It's definitely worth it if you're a fan of hip-hop, or just music in general. Unless you just want to be a troll and say the man's music is bad without giving it a chance. In that case, stay in your little cave with the other trolls.
 B000AA7B4I-552 POSITIVO  This is the album that convinced me that Marshall/Eminem was an artist and not just a quirky one-hit wonder. I'm not a hip-hop fan for the most part, but I like it when it is good and its not just about what champagne they drink and how many girls they've been with. I like N.W.A., Dr. Dre solo, early Snoop, and Mos Def. When they are saying something meaningful, I think rap is great and this album proved that Eminem was a true artist to me. It is a dark self-exploration and a reaction to the fanfare that accompanied his first release and it led to what I consider to be his best release so far, "Lose Yourself". Great job, Marshall, you gained a fan with this one.
 B000AA7B4I-553 POSITIVO  This album is a MASTERPIECE from the start.It shows why EMINEM is the GREATEST rapper EVER and in the top 5 artists EVER.This album as alot to do with why EMINEM is the BEST SELLING ARTIST OF THE DECADE!!!!!!Who else can say the F WORD a hundread times and sell more than THE BEATLES!!!!!Nobody!Not kanye,wayne or jay....those guys cant hold a match to the ILLEST EVER EMINEM!!!!!!!!!!!I highly think you should buy this if you havent cause your missing history.EMINEM deserves every dime he has...SUPPORT AND LOVE THE GREATEST EVER WHILE WE GOT EM!!!!!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-554 POSITIVO  I wish that eminem would do another album like this. The album is so hilarious and fun to listen too. You could really tell how hungry eminem was because the lyrics were so strong and the flow was so smooth. If your a person that likes to hear about chaos and Destruction than this is the album for you.
 B000AA7B4I-555 POSITIVO  I know I am 9 years late to review this album, but I needed to give it the review it deserved anyways. For anybody who is an Eminem fan, the Marshall Mathers LP is generally regarded as Em's best work. For anybody who is a fan of rap in general, this album is arguably one of the finest ever released. There is not a single track on this disc that is worth skipping over, even the skits do a good job leading into other tracks, and although typically "filler", there never seems to be an itch (even after countless spins) to skip over any of them.The lyrical content here is what really draws you in. This is Eminem at his rawest, and the shock factor still registers this far into the album's life. Although some tracks have that off the wall childish humor, the majority are made up of angst-driven yet mature subject matter that will connect even with an older audience. It's controversial, it's deep, it's though provoking and still capable of producing conversation between two people if listened to together. If you haven't purchased this album yet (I have no idea why you wouldn't) you need to get it now. If you've lost your copy, you need to pick up another one. Anybody who is a music fan needs to have this record in their collection.
 B000AA7B4I-556 POSITIVO  Man I love this cd. Dude is at the top in the rap games and this just show his skill further. If you like em and rap then get this. I liked almost every song on the cd.
 B000AA7B4I-557 POSITIVO  After a "Good" cd from eminem two months later i went out and bought Marshall Matters LP going in thinking "Well it'll be enjoyable like the first, but dunno if i can take his old voice" well it's clear he didn't like it much either cause it's gone. Eminem does not only take away is annoying voice from his last cd, he stepped up is game in flow and especially emotion. This is where Eminem begins to take the rap game over.We start off with "Kill You" which is not only messed up, shocking, and at the same time makes you laugh, it's a great intro to this "Dark" album.Stan is arguably one of the best song eminem has ever made. His storytelling skills shine through the roof on this one. People who never liked rap know the lyrics for this one. People who despise rap bump this song. Simply because it's not just a "SONG" it's a "STORY". An amazing track that really shows his emotion, strength in story telling, and just to show everyone how becoming "BIG" isn't always good.We then get "Who Knew" which is a more laid back eminem we like that keeps questioning people, especially parents, how could he have known the kids would love him? That he be a role model to people? In a clever and witty way shows his SSLP type of song without a annoying voice.Easily the best song on the cd comes next. Everyone i know is blown away by the next song. "The Way I Am" doesn't just prove eminem is a good rapper. It shows his frustration, his problems, his anger, his love for his daughter, his hate for his wife, his hate for the world, but most of all send a "**** YOU" message to critics and everyone who hates him. This is about as "Raw" as you'll ever see eminem.Next two tracks aren't nearly as good. We get "The real shady" Another single for eminem to get people to know no one can be him, that he's the real shady. And we get "Remember me" with eminem more messed up lyrics but an annoying chorus and beat.I'm back brings the CD back up and isn't only a clever written song but provoking lyrics, great beat, and the best ending to a song ever."Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbizit'd be Jennifer Lopez, and Puffy you know this!I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a **** if this chick was my own motherI still **** her with no rubber and *** inside herand have a son and a new brother at the same timeand just say that it ain't mine, what's my name?"Marshall Matters is eminem going into a beef with the clown posy, the guys trying to be rockers and rappers. Eminem doesn't even full focus as he talks about his family problems and how now only his girlfriend lets him meet his parents cause he's RICH and FAMOUS. Good beat and a mellow em make a good track.Drug ballad to alot of people is a good party track but i couldn't stand it much. It's a decent track lyrically but a boring one for me and very skipable.We then get Amityville. Not only is the emotion on the first track but we get Bizzra who is sick in the head but we get one of the strongest in terms of voice and emotion from eminem in a long time on the third verse. Em rips it and doesn't let up till the verse is over.***** please 2 is a good track that shows snoop and dre can spit some great lines and the ending is a nice ending for em to make you laugh a few times.Kim is a track you might play only once, I've only played it 4 times in my whole life and I've listened to this CD over 200 times. Why only 4 times? Cause it's just downright scary to hear eminem and his anger at his wife. And how he goes and kills her at the end is downright sick yet it's why eminem is known to be one of the most personal rappers around.Under the influence is a decent D12 track. Eminem has a fun verse and the Chorus is catchy and funny.We get what will always be one of my personal favorite eminem tracks and almost matches the way I am. Criminal shows Em at his best in wordplay and multi's are just amazing. Eminem is shady 100% on this track with his lyrics of being a crazy son of a ***** criminal is easily one of the best tracks on the CD.So Marshall matters LP is a great CD and one of the best in the rap genre. It is a dark album, don't get it confused. Eminem isn't playing half the time, and then he can make you laugh, then make you ask "Did he really just say that?" and go back and forth between different ideas. Eminem begins his reign over the rap game here.
 B000AA7B4I-558 POSITIVO  This was definatly Em's gratest moment artistically, and even 9 years later it still hits hard, proving that it wasnt just "Shock value" that made it a hit. Best songs: "The Way I Am", "Kim" and "Criminal"
 B000AA7B4I-559 POSITIVO  WHAT CAN YOU SAY ABOUT THIS ALBUM EXCEPT FOR SITTING BACK AND ADMIRING IT! THE MOMENT I TURNED IT ON, I KNEW I WOULD PROBABLY BE OFFENDED AS MANY PEOPLE PROBABLY HAVE BEEN. BUT THE CONTENT AND LYRICAL FLOW IN THIS ALBUM IS AMAZING WITH GREAT RAPPERS LIKE DRE AND CO. IN IT WHAT MORE COULD U ASK FOR? SONGS LIKE MARSHALL MATHERS AND CRIMINAL WILL MAKE YOU COME BACK FOR MORE AND MORE AND MORE.
 B000AA7B4I-560 POSITIVO  EMINEM is the coolest rapper. The Real Slim Shady hit the top records and now THE WAY I AM is on the top charts. Anyone thinking of buying this album should'nt think twice go for it &quot;Its Simply The Best&quot;
 B000AA7B4I-561 POSITIVO  This is the first rap album I bought in years. After seeing Eminem live on SNL where he played &quot;Stan&quot; with Dido, I was floored. His style is fresh, and his lyrics range from funky cool to downright haunting. I love the way he mocks our current spread of poppy crap bands, they'll all be a distant memory two years from now. Eminem writes his own music, and he's damn good. I don't know how he will ever top an album this close to perfection. The lyrical content may offend some, but if artists didn't shake us up, we'd miss the message. It's too bad people miss the point in &quot;Kim&quot;. This song may be a brutally violent, and disturbing, but it drives home the message that domestic violence happens- and it's wrong. Buy this album.
 B000AA7B4I-562 POSITIVO  Well I bought the Marshall Mathers LP, and I knew from the first track that I was going to enjoy the cd. I dont understand why all these critics are getting so upset by his lyrics..they are just lyrics. Eminem is entitled to say what he feels. I am glad that he pushes the right of Freedom of Speech to the limit. My favorite tracks on the cd are &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; and &quot;Stan.&quot; I like Drug Ballad because Eminem's style of rap is different on this track then from what I have heard before. Stan is a great song because it tells a story and I was able to get a mental picture.This song also shows a serious side to Eminem. All in all I really enjoyed this cd. If you want some laughs, this is the cd for you.
 B000AA7B4I-563 POSITIVO  I personally think this CD is really awesome. Some people might be offended by it because of all the stuff he says through his lyrics from his songs but you've gotta admit (and give him credit) 'cause he sure has the guts to say what he really feels! Of course, I don't agree 100% with everything he says (especially about the boy bands - - I like listening to the boy bands, too, especially BACKSTREET BOYS. And I don't really like what he says about WILL SMITH, BRITNEY SPEARS, AND CHRISTINA AGUILERA 'cause I like them all, too.) So yes, I'll admit that there are some things he says in his songs which I don't agree on but other than that, I think this CD is cool. I think EMINEM is a very talented rapper (not many rappers can rap like him!) and his rapping talent shows/shines through this CD. My favorite track is &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;...that's the best! I also like the song he does with DIDO (although I can't remember the title of that song 'cause they don't mention DIDO on the list of lyrics here on Amazon.com). EMINEM is I guess sort of a &quot;bad boy&quot; 'cause of all the stuff he raps about...usually about all the things wrong with this world like death, killing, crimes, drugs...the usual rap/hip-hop topics, but EMINEM dares to go down into a deeper level of all that. He swears a lot in his songs, too. (But doesn't everybody in this world swear a lot?!) A lot of people (especially celebrities) are probably offended and insulted by EMINMEN'S music, but it's just music...it's probably nothing personal...so just relax and enjoy it. Don't go crazy over it! THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP is probably one of the best albums of the year 2000! (After BLACK AND BLUE, of course - - the BACKSTREET BOYS' new album!!) Also, check out DR. DRE'S album, 2001 'cause EMINMEN helps out with some of his songs!! (One more thing: even though EMINMEN is a Bad Boy, he's actually a pretty hot guy!) Fans won't be disappointed with this second album of his!!
 B000AA7B4I-564 POSITIVO  Bunch of weak people who did not like this cd,even though u have to listen to every song and like it after hearing it for about 5-7 times.You'll think that M.M is cool.This cd isnt just famus cause of Eminem.Its because of the humor,and violence that most cd's cant or dont have.At the time,it is kinda messed up about what he says but this cd &quot;de serves&quot;!Every star it got from &quot;me!&quot;
 B000AA7B4I-565 POSITIVO  Not a long time Eminem fan, I was hesitant at first to buy this CD. I really liked his first album, the Slim Shady LP, but like so many other rappers, I was afraid Em would fall victim to the &quot;second album curse.&quot; Nothing could be farther from the truth. I consider myself to be more into jam bands than hip-hop and rap, yet this CD has seen more play-time in my stereo than any album I've ever purchased. To any and all naysayers, I say listen to the whole album all the way through before passing judgement. You won't be disappointed. By far one of the best all around albums in my entire collection!
 B000AA7B4I-566 POSITIVO  I think this Lp is brilliant and I, he may use bad language and violence e.t.c but he is true and honest and he raps about what he wants to rap I mean he doesn't just write lyrics that are the same as anybody elses he write what comes to his head and what is happening in the world and I respect that very much.He may hate lots of people but that just have being how he was brought up or something. If you don't like violence and bad language e.t.c then i suggest that you don't buy this LP but if you are sick of the same lyrics over and over again by different musicians then do buy this album because it is different to everyone elses which makes it enjoyable to listen to. I have all his album's because I think he is very talented and I am sick of the l;ikes of Britney Spears singing about the same things like loves and boys etc.
 B000AA7B4I-567 POSITIVO  This CD is a really good CD!! If you thought his last was good.. wait till you listen to this! I've seen the other reviewers and what they have to say about it, and i agree it ain't for kids! But if your mature enough to actually not take what he says to heart then listen to this CD! You will really enjoy it!
 B000AA7B4I-568 POSITIVO  Finally, someone who is not afraid to speak his mind! The world today is so full of fake people who are afraid to tell it like it is. Eminem does a great job relating to the average person by recognizing that drugs/alcohol and dysfunction happen to people on a daily basis. Keep up the reality Slim!
 B000AA7B4I-569 POSITIVO  I, among others will tell you that this is Eminem's best. At this time he were at his prime. He was still hungry, angry, funny and creative when he recorded this. I didn't think things could get any better than The Slim Shady LP, but he really outdid himself on this one. It was almost to good to be true. Of course he was backed up by a great production team, but he really shines right here on this LP. He spits fire on every track, and his lyrical delivery is amazing. Eminem is a entertainer, that you either love or hate. It doesn't matter that this record became a commercial success, it's still a incredible outstanding record.All the way from "Kill You" `till we reach "Criminal" is a music journey. He doesn't mind if he offend people, he tells you exactly his point of view. If `Em continued on this level later in his career, he would be labeled there in the top three, but I must admit that he has fallen off pretty bad, after The Eminem Show, it really hasn't been to much worth talking `bout.Album highlights: Kill You, Stan, Who Knew, The Way I Am, The Real Slim Shady, Remember Me, I'm Back, Marshall Mathers and Criminal.Even though, this album is kind of played out, there no denying that it isn't a "modern classic". If you're new to rap and haven't picked it up yet, buy it together with The Slim Shady LP (almost as good) Too bad Eminem couldn't keep up at this high level longer, he were really amazing at this time.
 B000AA7B4I-570 POSITIVO  One reviewer refered to this album as a guilty pleasure and I whole heartedly agree...This album is the album you listen to alone in your car and refuse to let anyone you care about know you listen to it for fear they'll lose respect for you. Kinda like how I own the Justin Timberlake CD...but for compleltly different reasons. This album is going is a different direction than his previous...he's decided to go with a more serious route (not as serious as The Eminem Show, but more so than The SLim Shady LP) You can tell there was a lot on his mind when penning songs like 'Stan' about a suicidal fan or 'The Way I am' where he takes a stab at the media and the press. Even when he's cutting up, he's still cutting up about serious issues that are heavy on his mind. Songs like 'Who Knew' where he addresses the upset parents over his debut LP, blaming them for their own childrens mistakes. Some gems like 'Kill You' where he slaughters hookers and then makes reference's to Norman Bates,'I'm Back' where he impregnates J. Lo, 'Drug Ballad' where he watches his daughter Haley get smashed and 'Criminal' where he raves about homosexuals wanting his genatilia all resort back to Em's funny days as well as the first single 'Real Slim Shady' which was an instant hit. 'Marshal Mathers' is a great song taking jabs at everyone from N'Sync to Pink to Insane Clown Posse (HATE THEM)...Em even goes as far as to verbally assasinate a rottweiler. This brings me to 'Kim', a song where Eminem murders his wife in a little more of a sadistic manor than he did on '97 Bonnie & Clide'...this time we actually hear Kim choking to death and he's chsing her through the woods screaming at her...it's insane...kinda disturbing, mostly because you know you shouldn't laugh but when Kim is screaming and the Em starts screaming with her you can't help but let out a chuckle...anyways, I actually prefered the drug song he put on the amended copy of this CD featuring the SOuth Park gang but then again, I hate edited music so I bought this one instead. All in all this CD is great, not quite as good as 'The Slim Shady LP' but very impressive and sure to please any fan of the blonde psychopath.
 B000AA7B4I-571 POSITIVO  Eminem's dark masterpiece. This is way different for his first album. This album he is angery and mad. From the first song you here you be come speach less. Over the top lyrics and amazing beats from Dr.dre make this album stand has Eminem's darkest moment so far. Get this album if you like Eminem,rap, or want to here a controversial masterpiece for on of raps most contrversial rap stars ever.1 N/A2 10/103 10/104 N/A5 9.5/106 N/A7 10/108 10/109 8.5/1010 8.5/1011 9.0/1012 N/A13 8.0/1014 8.0/1015 7.5/1016 8.0/1017 8.0/1018 9.5/10
 B000AA7B4I-572 POSITIVO  This album is so cool. It is for fun! All you people who hate Eminem because he uses "vulgar language" and " is violent" are stupid. He just has a unique sense of humor. This album is for fun. It is entertaining to listen to. Thats it. If you don't like this type of music, just shut up about it and don't listen to it.1. PSA 20002. Kill You - 5/5 Best Track on the CD3. Stan - 5/54. Paul (Skit)5. Who Knew - 5/56. Steve Berman (Skit)7. The Way I Am - 5/58. The Real Slim Shady - 5/59. Remember Me - 4/510. I'm Back - 5/511. Marshall Mathers - 5/512. Ken Kaniff (Skit)13. Drug Ballad - 4/514. Amityville - 4.5/515. Bitch Please II - 4.5/516. Kim - 4/517. Under The Influence - 5/518. Criminal - 5/5
 B000AA7B4I-573 POSITIVO  Very Good Album GENIUS Lyrics Plus Dres Beats RuleBest 4 tracksB*tch Please 2Way I AmKill YouAmityvilleWorst 4 TracksDrug BalladRemember MeMarshall MathersI'm BackBuy If U Dont Have And All The Others But The 1st Half Of Slim Shady LP Is Strong But Track 10 Onwards Is Rubbish! Also If U Like The Beats Buy Dr Dre 2001 Thats Class Or Wait For Detox Dr Dre To Be Avaible To Buy Around Late 2005 Or Early 2006!
 B000AA7B4I-574 POSITIVO  May 23,2000 @ 4:03pm at Best Buy i purchased the Marshall Mathers LP and I couldnt get it out of my cd player. I can't believe i didnt review this before. EVERY single song is GrEaT!! All the skits are funny. I never heard something like this before this lp came out.I heard Encore already and its a 3 out of 5. I dont care this is Eminem's Best album yet! From PSA 2000 to Criminal, u will be listening to a rap genuis. BUY DA CD, AGAIN BY DA CD!! (Not da burned one for $3 or $5 from your friend)
 B000AA7B4I-575 POSITIVO  This is a Cd with his thoughts to just plain being mean and all this cool stuff if you have to pick Eminem Marshall Mathers[explit lyrics} because this rules
 B000AA7B4I-576 NEGATIVO  give me a break this guy isnt any better than Vanilla Ice Eminem is just proving that he is different because he can rap about life issues and not about sex,cars,money mainly everything he writes is depressing which theres nothing wrong about that but songs that promote against your mom is just stupid and songs about screwing anything that walks that is dumb and the i don't give a fu** attitude is really getting oldEminem is just a phase lets see where he will stand in 10 years lets see...............if he is standing then MTV is making more money than i thought
 B000AA7B4I-577 NEGATIVO  This guy reminds me of a whining little baby crying over spilled milk.I dont feel any sympathy for this guy and I wished hed stop with his mommy issues and seek therapy.This white little punk who pretends to be hard thug wouldnt last a day where im from.If hes so tough,then why does he need an army of security?As far as the album,the beats are too repetitive and the lyrics are absolute trash.Hes just another commercial puppet like britney spears who will be unheared of in another 2 years.DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE!!!
 B000AA7B4I-578 NEGATIVO  Allright, see I like eminem, but sometimes I don't like the language. Yeah, go ahead call me whatever you want. But just a warning to you youngun' virgin ears. If you can hardly handle the edited &quot;Real Slim Shady&quot; well don't buy it. I have the whole edited CD and sometimes i just hear nothing in the song for a few seconds while they edited out all his perverted comments that made him so &quot;great&quot;. I'll give it up a little. Some song on here are good, but if your expectin to hear fun, hyper songs Like &quot;Real Slim Shady&quot; Maybe you should try something else. This is one of the CD's I'm hoping to sell to somebody.
 B000AA7B4I-579 NEGATIVO  EMINEM HAS NO VERSATILITY AS A LYRICIST, AND THAT FACT IS EVIDENCED BY THIS ALBUM. HE HAS NO DEPTH, ITS ALL ABOUT SWEARING AND FUNNY LINES. THAT MAY BE ENOUGH TO SATISFY SOME PEOPLE, BUT NOT ME. ...s album might be disturbing but you can't deny that he produces good songs. ... best songs I've heard in a while. Kim and Stan are probably the two most wacked out songs as far as what he's saying. But that's the real slim shady.Oh yeah, by the way, don't be fooled by his new song &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; his album is much darker than that song, in a good way though.Shady wrote some of each song.In my opinion the best song on the album is &quot;The Way I Am&quot; which is written,produced,and mixed by Eminem.It's one of the less disturbing songs and it's got a phat beat and well written lyrics. My only complaint is I would have liked to see him do more producing since he shows in that song he has the talent to do so.....THIS ALBUM IS ACTUALLY BETTER THAN HIS ORIGNAL(that doesn't even seem possible,I know) BUY IT IT'S WORTH EVERY CENT.BUM IS ACTUALLY BETTER THAN HIS ORIGNAL(that doesn't even seem possible,I know) BUY IT IT'S WORTH EVERY CENT.
 B000AA7B4I-580 NEGATIVO  And you thought that Vanilla Ice was a bad rapper just wait till you here the Marshall Mathers LP. .... This guy raps about jibberish. One minute he's talking about his exwife and the next minute he's talkin about NSYNC or NSTYNC as he calls it. Thats the only thing I agree with on this album :) Oh man don't purchase this you are wasting money. ... Remember White Guys can't Rap!
 B000AA7B4I-581 NEGATIVO  I borrowed thiz cd from a friend and i think thiz cd suckz....therez prolly only one song dat iz aight but i forgot the track....awww well i dont care cuz he suckz...the rest of hiz muzik suckz....let me tell yall sumthin...eminem thinkz he can get people to buy hiz cd cuz eminem beatz hiz wife, and disses hiz parentz....hez cool man (j/k)....also he disses R&amp;B, Pop and movie actorz in hiz cd...WTF lmmfao!!!...So that meanz he's tough n Hard???...WOW!!!...How lame can he be?? Fo real....why cant he diss hardcore rapperz??? huh??? Esham diss thiz sad lil whining boy and feminem didnt do anythin about it cuz he's scared...but when you see him on T.V. he think hes hard by flippin hiz middle finger and moonin tha camera and other stupid crap...but in real life...he'z nothin but a str8 up pu$$y n criez fo tha thingz he didnt get...Eminem needz to stop cryin and actin silly in hiz cdz and grow up...includin tha down syndrome dozen (D12..the most retarded group).....Go buy Esham or Natas albumz instead cuz thiz silly 115ibs. wannabe thug whiteboy aint s**t but a pu$$y...also dont get 50 cent stupid azz cdz...you can see how rapperz fool people like eminem showin in front of tha camera like he'z hard and 50 braggin bout he got shot 9 timez...dont let theze un-talented whack rapperz fool you lil kiddiez!!!:-O Look lil kiddiez tha not helpful button iz at tha bottom...click it!!!! :-)
 B000AA7B4I-582 POSITIVO  JUST SHUT UP! EMINEM IS A GREAT RAPPER. YES HE IMATURE, BUT WHO CARES! JUST GO AWAY AND LISTEN TO YOUR ROCK.
 B000AA7B4I-583 POSITIVO  I think people that don't like this album are insane or they don't like a rapper spitting the truth ya'll know what i mean.He got some tight collasborations like snoop dogg, x to the z and the one and only doctor dre.(DR.DRE)
 B000AA7B4I-584 POSITIVO  ... His music is catchy, very well thought up, and is just great! I recommend this CD if u r a fan of rap, and if u are a fan of rap/rock. thats all i got 2 say, so if u dont like it,...well, poor us&quot;. He even makes remarks about raping his mother.In short he mamages to piss off almost everyone. The real power of this CD though is how Eminem manages to grab your attention, force you to look past the surface of his lyrics, and then see the deeper message he tries to deliver. Some tracks such as &quot;Who knew&quot;, &quot;Kill you&quot;, &quot;Drug Ballad&quot;, and &quot;B**** please II &quot; are purley fun tracks that are great to rap along to. They also have an outrageously good beat that your car system is sure to love. Other tracks such as &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; and &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; are so outrageous in the way that they manage to offend and piss off everybody that they really are quite hillarious. You're sure to laugh no matter how many times you've listined to them. The real treasures of the &quot;Marshall Mathers LP&quot; are the tracks in which Eminem deep intelligent messages that are masterfully hidden with his witty, sharp tongue. &quot;The Way I Am&quot; and &quot;Criminal&quot; are raps that speak the truth about the injustice and hypocrisy that are everyday occurences in today's society. Perhaps the best track on the album is &quot;Stan&quot;. It is a creative masterpiece that is strikingly original. It is one of the most deeply thought provoking single heard in years. The track is pure genius. Eminem writes all of the tracks; showing just how multitalented he is.Eminem delivers guilty pleasure that is as delicious as a hot chocolate sundae.This is a creative masterpiece of a CD that should be in everyone's collection.ss he could get killed by a disgruntled fan belonging to a white rapper fan club from the east coast..or Kim...hmmm..viva Slim-Shady...the end.ative. And how did Tupac become a musical genius? He was hardly a talented lyricist compared to underground hip-hop artists at the time. All Tupac had was his thug charisma and *surprise!* heavy MTV exposure. And Cobain had heavy MTV exposure too. So a complaint about how the fickle misdirected MTV community responds to an artist is forfeit.
 B000AA7B4I-585 NEUTRO  AS AN EMINEM FAN I HAVE TO SAY THIS WASN'T EM'S BEST CD. THE LANGUAGE IS OUT OF CONTROL. AND TO SING ABOUT KILLING HIS WIFE IS INSANE. DON'T WASTE YOUR $20.
 B000AA7B4I-586 POSITIVO  I would not recommend this CD to children under the age of 10 or so. This music is awesome and I love listening to his CD's but it does have a lot of bad words on there that u might now want your kids to hear. But if you like rap and stuff like that this is the CD for you!. Eminem has new and improved songs on the album which I like a lot better then the old album the best song on the Eminem CD I think would be "kim"!. the songs are good and so is the CD cover I recommend this CD for all you people over the age of 10.!
 B000AA7B4I-587 POSITIVO  ok i think this album really opens the light on eminem. the lyrics may offend some people but hey the man's just saying what he feels. but anyway this album is really awesome. it has a good catchy beat and i listen to it over and over again. and they man has dope skills.
 B000AA7B4I-588 POSITIVO  This cd is great because all the tracks are catchy and they all have good beats. But not only that, all the lyrics are well thought out and rapped in a manner that no one has ever done before. Comming from a musician, Eminem is truly a genius rapper with talent like no other.
 B000AA7B4I-589 POSITIVO  This is the best of all cds. The beats are tight,and the lyrics are phat. Its got some bad but funny stuff in it. I love it. My favs are Stan The way I am and Who Knew. If you are looking for a rap cd Eminem's got it and if ya didnt know NOW you know!
 B000AA7B4I-590 POSITIVO  This is a great cd. I recommend it to all. Eminem has amazing skills with his words. My favorite track is &quot;Stan.&quot; I think &quot;Stan&quot; showed a more serious side of him. &quot;Who Knew&quot; is another great track. (...)lungs out around the house or in the car.you will love this one I SWEAR. :)rry for you Insane Clown Posse! If you have not bought the CD buy it you be glad you did!azing.ds want to be like him. His brutally honest &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; showcases his once back-and-forth relationship with drugs and their brutal effects. Two of the biggest standouts on the album are &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim.&quot; &quot;Stan&quot; illustrates the issue of fan-obsession and its extremes. The song soars with backing vocals by Dido, making it even more captivating. &quot;Kim&quot; is oddly gripping and emotionally exhausting--its haunting melody and lyrics paint a picture of the darker side of a relationship gone too far. Eminem wildly wavers between hate, love, dispair, and hope before ending the song with the utmost tragedy. Eminem's writing skills are amazing--his ability to tell stories conjure up disturbing mental images as he journeys to the dark side of life. Definitely not for the easily offended, Eminem will make you laugh, think, and hit the &quot;repeat&quot; button on your CD player. This album is worth buying and listening. will make you laugh, think, and hit the &quot;repeat&quot; button on your CD player. This album is worth buying and listening.
 B000AA7B4I-591 POSITIVO  Come on now, it's only entertainment! I especially like the &quot;Bonnie and Clyde&quot; song. I don't advocate killing anyone, but I know the feeling when someone tries to keep your children from you. Even &quot;Just Like Me&quot; has the tongue in cheek everyday sarcasm people use.
 B000AA7B4I-592 POSITIVO  I like Em's Lyricism and this CD has a different premise unlike Slim Shady LP. Em has a message on Stan where he has a deranged fan who does everything Em says. Though most of us know Em really isn't crazy just clownin'. The Way I Am one of the most strong tracks on the album brings a darker more angry rap and i find he is upset about people who have the most issue are the people who grew up sheltered and with no conscience. Another strong song has to be Kim which has much worse anger and crazy Em starts off cooing to his baby Hailey when the stupid skank Kim comes and makes him upset. the song goes on for about 6 minutes of anger and comes to the beginning of '97 Bonnie and Clyde. The worst of the worst has to be the intros which solicate gay oral sex and grumpy record execs, and The Real Slim Shady which is just so played out now. I think that the stronger this CD gets the better off Em is!
 B000AA7B4I-593 POSITIVO  This CD is funny! It trashes boy/girl bands because they are quite pathetic. The Stan is sad. PSA 2000 is proof that he doesn't care what anybody thinks. It's just like his &quot;Slim Shady LP&quot; CD. If you like the &quot;Slim Shady LP&quot; you have to get this!
 B000AA7B4I-594 POSITIVO  Well, Eminem comes off strong again, expressing himself fully in his new album, those who are weak in mind call him evil, and immoral, but i think if you feel that way about his music, don't listen to it! turn your radio to weakling music!
 B000AA7B4I-595 POSITIVO  Eminem does it all in this album. It's definitely the sickest album I bought yet. He straight out says what he wants and doesn't [care] what anyone thinks about it. He even puts deep messages in his songs. He critizises himself and disses anyone who just happens to come across his mind. Some his songs like 'Kim' can shake you up so much you wake up at night havin' nightmares. He does what he does in such a way that, even if you are not a particular fan of Hip Hop you should check it out. Although as bad as he disses homosexuals, some women and his fans he mentions 'relax guys, i like gay men' , 'half the stuff i say i say just to make u mad' and 'i'm just playin' ladies, u know i love u' in his songs. He talks about his life and how he can't stand being blamed for every little crime someone else commits and mocks his prosecuters. He centers all his anger into his music and Slim Shady comes to show in his music. When he puts a message in his songs he turns into Marshall Mathers again. Eminem puts his part down as the rapper who is totally crazy and straight out doesn't [care] what his fans his family or the law thinks. Swiching around between these alter ego in his songs makes it even more interesting to see which Character will be represented next. So check it out even if you normally don't listen to Hip Hop.
 B000AA7B4I-596 POSITIVO  Yeah there is just way to much contriversy on this album. It is after all not real and he is joking on all the bad things he says. The album itself is great. The song &quot;STAN&quot; is great. Some people like &quot;STAN&quot; take theses songs way to seriously. The Song &quot;KIM&quot; that is actually a somewhat true song that actually did happen he did exadurate alot but some off that happend after Hailey was born.
 B000AA7B4I-597 POSITIVO  I don't take &quot;Eminem&quot; too seriously, and don't think anyone else should either. He's like any other entertainer, entertainment. I do like him though, and think he has interesting things to say. I don't think his life is that unique, he raps about it, but who doesn't have problems? But musically speaking, this is a tight album. It's probably his most popular, and includes the tracks &quot;Kill You&quot;, &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, and &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;. Another big hit here is &quot;Stan&quot;, which is real good, and samples a catchy &quot;Dido&quot; song. I'd hesitate to call this one of the best rap albums ever, but it is the best of &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;.
 B000AA7B4I-598 POSITIVO  but that isint saying much this cd is alright at best i hate when people sell 9 million records you dont deserve that there are so many emcs that have been in the game long then em and 10 times doper that none of the people who purchased his cds will ever know in there lifetime ex.Ras Kass,BigL,Chino Xl by the way eminem style is so jacked from chino xl's its not funny and slick rick eminem jacked his style to yet people think he is the best the greatest show some respect you pop loversFavorite Track:Bitc*h Please II,Remember MeGuests:Sticky Fingaz,RBX,Dr.Dre,Snoop Dogg,Xzibit,D128 of 10 lyrics 8 of 10 beats
 B000AA7B4I-599 POSITIVO  A very good album from Eminem. His best. Every track on this cd is awesome. With 2001's hit &quot;Real Slim Shady&quot; this cd sold very good. Including other hits like &quot;Stan&quot; or &quot;The Way I Am&quot; or &quot;Criminal&quot; all in this album, this is one of the greatest cds of all time. Really nice beats, and if you don't have this cd, buy it sometime.Best songs:B**** Please IIStanReal Slim ShadyCriminal
 B000AA7B4I-600 NEUTRO  couple of dope cuts thats it i have nothing to say bout this man other then he should leave the game7 of 10 lyrics 7.5 of 10 beats
 B000AA7B4I-601 POSITIVO  I don't realy have much to say about this cd, it's the best rap cd ever if you like that stuff, my personal fav. is The way I am. Because it rocks and Marilyn Manson appears on the video wich makes the song 100x better and it was good to start with. Eminems best work ever.
 B000AA7B4I-602 POSITIVO  I don't understand how some of you people can say that this is not a good album. All the songs are original, I personally don't think that anyone else in the world can rap like Eminem. He has his own style that will never be duplicated...See he even has you in his back pocket just like the rest of the world. He is on top and he will be for a long time.
 B000AA7B4I-603 POSITIVO  so what? he's white, forget that. picture every rapper as a gray blob. well, if eminem was a gray blob, you'd still recognize him. this album is more personal, less humor than the last, but it's a good change. he's mad, he's really mad, and he's homicidal. he lashes out at just about everyone and doesn't leave anyone out...including himself and his producer. marshall mathers landed on this album and doesn't feel like leaving. every song is a good anthem to something in your life. you WILL relate, black white blue green red yellow purple pink. you'll like this album and relate. i've seen metalheads love this album, and that says a lot for crazy metal heads. hip hop heads shadow away from this album for some reason, yeah it's commercial and isn't typical rap. but w/e, change is good i guess. he does bring something new to the game, but keeps some of the old elements in, like being mad and rapping from the heart, and actually sounding like he means. his voice will scare you on some songs. this is very good, not to be missed, if you do, he'll &quot;kill you.&quot;
 B000AA7B4I-604 POSITIVO  This is one of Eminem's best CD's ever. I hate the skits (though I'm not one for skits), I do love all his raps. If you can't take a joke or are not a funny person, then don't buy this CD, most of his jokes are racial, homophobic, etc jokes. Eminem is my favorite Rapper, the best songs on this CD are:Kill You - Track 2 (extremely funny!)Who Knew - Track 5The Way I Am - Track 7The Real Slim Shady - Track 8 (An original, who will ever forget his VMA (or was it MTV? Who cares..) Performance of this song!)I'm Back - Track 10 (He's back and so are his raps.)Marshall Mathers - Track 11 (This is by far one of my favorites..)Drug Ballad - Track 13 (An alright song.)Under The Influence - Track 17 (Another alright song, very funny chorus)Criminal - Track 18 (Another one of my favorites, Criminal is very funny.)
 B000AA7B4I-605 POSITIVO  I bought this record. think there is a song or 2 that we could do away with on this album, but aside from that, absolutely phenomenal! Eminem's first album was big, and he has done it again. I would recommend this album to anyone of age.
 B000AA7B4I-606 POSITIVO  This CD is da best CD ever. No rapper out there can bring it as well as Eminem. I got all his albums. This one is definantly da best. I love every song that CD. I recommend it to anyone who likes good hip-hop. He is a lyrical genius. Besides Tupac, I think that Eminem is the realest rapper out there. The only people that wouldn't like this CD are f***** punk a** rockers who listen to ICP, Korn, Linkin Park, and all the other corny a** bands out there. I don't care what anyone says, rock sucks. I'll f*** up the next rocker that says rap sucks to my face. Hip-Hop fans, take my advice, buy dis CD!!!
 B000AA7B4I-607 POSITIVO  RIGHT NOW I WANT TO GLORIFY EVERY EMINEM HATER WALKING THE FACE OF THE EARTH. EMINEM IS A WHITE GUY TRYING TO BE BLACK. HE ACTS LIKE HE'S THE ONLY WHITE PERSON THAT CAN RHYME. I'M SICK AND TIRED OF SEEING HIS FACE ALL OVER MTV AND MAGAZINE COVERS. EVERYWHERE I GO, IT'S EMINEM...EMINEM...EMINEM! WITH ALL THE WHITE GIRLS AT SCHOOL IT'S &quot;EMINEM THIS&quot; and &quot;EMINEM THAT&quot;. I LOVE TO HEAR INSANE CLOWN POSSE AND CHRISTIAN AGUILERA VERBALLY BASH EMINEM IN THEIR MUSIC. PERSONALLY, I DON'T LIKE RAP. IT S*CKS. INSANE CLOWN POSSE KNOWS HOW TO RAP AND ROCK. PLUS, THEY'RE MORE INVENTIVE WITH THEIR MUSIC AND CAN EVEN MAKE ME LAUGH. LINKIN PARK IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE BANDS. THEY MIX THEIR MUSIC UP WITH A COMBINATION OF BOTH RAP &amp; HEAVY METAL. AND THAT'S COOL. BUT JUST PLAIN RAP MUSIC ANNOYS THE HECK OUT OF ME. MARILYN MANSON, OZZY, KORN, SLIPKNOT, CRADLE OF FILTH, ICP, LINKIN' PARK, METALLICA, ETC. THESE ARE SOME OF THE BANDS THAT STAND OUT BEST IN MY OPINION. I'D LIKE TO HEAR EMINEM MAKE A HEAVY METAL ALBUM. IMAGINE WHAT THAT MIGHT SOUND LIKE?
 B000AA7B4I-608 POSITIVO  itis my pleasure to edit my view about this album. i was down for real, but when i listening to this cd, i fell so glad and i fell i really enjoying the music. i think this is the man in hip-hop as well as in the music industry as whole. i wish this rapper(eminem) all the best and succesesful in music
 B000AA7B4I-609 NEGATIVO  well, ive been an eminem fan since &quot;slim shady lp&quot;, so i just had to have &quot;marshall mathers lp&quot;. i got it on the first day it came out. and the first 2 months i had it i loved it! my favorite song is &quot;Stan&quot;. but like 2 months later i started to hate this cd. every song (except &quot;Stan&quot;) got too old! it just was so annoying hearing f- this and f- that and killing his mom and everything. if you want a real cd that actually doesnt get old, get &quot;slim shady lp&quot; (a classic). Peace! (P.S. even though i dont like this cd, i still listen to &quot;Stan&quot;. but the good news for you is that they're making a video for it!(cant wait) so that means it'll probably be a single too. so just wait for that to come out.)
 B000AA7B4I-610 POSITIVO  well first this definetly beats out his other cd's. i loved his other cd's but this one is off the hook. lyrics and beats are sweet. dre knows what hes doing putting out em. i just hope he gets to put out his next cd and lets see if he can out do this one.
 B000AA7B4I-611 POSITIVO  Don't get me wrong, Eminem's music is unique. Rap may not be my favorite kind of music, but his music can turn all people that think rap is homo into it. His music is catchy, and funny at some points... In a sick way. This CD has no songs that are below 3 stars, and Slim Shady is awesome. The only reason I gave him 4 stars is because of his lyrics. Although they are funny in a way, they are just too... hard for some people. The songs are great, but his lyrics can be irritating. Not enough to make you throw the CD down and step on it but irritating enough for you to turn off the CD when parents or other people come home. ...t be held responsible for murders just for writing a song. He points out how disturbing it can be to have a crazed fan on your ass. He casually flips everyone the bird and sarcastically points out that he must be a criminal just for speaking his mind. This is a great album. Mr Mathers, I wish I could shake your hand &amp; tell you how great you are. If you don't like this album or Eminem, do the chorus from &quot;Under The Influence&quot; on me.... Daniel &quot;Silvio&quot; Conway.
 B000AA7B4I-612 POSITIVO  This is simply the best CD on the market, nothing else even comes close. Eminem is a amazing rapper and proves it on this album. His lyrics are funny one minute,like on &quot;Criminal&quot; and &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, and the next serious,like in &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;The Way I Am&quot;. There really is only one bad song on this CD, &quot;Remember Me&quot;, but other than that they're all great. While this CD isn't for everyone, you really should pick it up if you like rap.
 B000AA7B4I-613 POSITIVO  ... HANDS DOWN EMINEM IS THE BEST LYRICIST RAPPING TODAY. THIS ALBUM IS UNBELIEVABLE AND WILL BE TALKED ABOUT FOR YEARS TO COME! THERE ARE ONLY TWO SONGS ON THIS ALBUM THAT I FELT COULD HAVE BEEN LEFT OFF AND THOSE ARE &quot;REMEMBER ME&quot; AND &quot;AMITYVILLE.&quot; SONGS LIKE &quot;STAN&quot; AND &quot;THE WAY I AM&quot; ARE TWO OF THE GREATEST RAP SONGS OF ALL TIME. &quot;KILL YOU, CRIMINAL, AND KIM&quot; ARE GREAT SONGS ALSO BECAUSE HE IS TELLING US HOW HE FEELS AND HE DOESN'T HOLD ANYTHING BACK. &quot;WHO KNEW, THE REAL SLIM SHADY, I'M BACK, AND DRUG BALLAD&quot; ARE THE MORE UPBEAT SONGS AND THEY ARE VERY GOOD IN THERE OWN RIGHT. ALSO, &quot;B PLEASE 2&quot; IS A GREAT COLLABORATION! AGAIN THIS IS AN AMAZING CD AND IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT YET YOU ARE MISSING OUT!
 B000AA7B4I-614 POSITIVO  This album takes the biscuit in modern rap.Not since the N.W.A days has an album had so much going for it .The only reason it drops a star is because its almost like a follow up to the last one E-mail fionny14@yahoo.com
 B000AA7B4I-615 POSITIVO  I noticed a lot of 1 star reviews but those are people who don't like rap. This is offensive yes but that's how Eminem is, you should known that! He raps and insults people! He takes a drop of anger and turns it into an ocean it just makes it funny! If you don't like it then he's just not for you plain and simple. But don't dis him 'cause many of us do love him!
 B000AA7B4I-616 POSITIVO  This CD surpasses everything that made The Slim Shady LP great from, Stan to THe Way I Am. From Criminal to Drug Ballad. Like others have stated if you expect to get all songs like The Real Slim Shady, this isn't the CD for you. The Real Slim Shady is only real commercial song on the CD, which is most likely why it's on the album. THe majority of the album is rugged and to the point. His lyrics have matured greatly from THe Slim Shady LP and contains little joking around. I recommend this to any rap fan.
 B000AA7B4I-617 POSITIVO  Eminem is pretty much the only rapper I really like other than metal rap. But I like this album. Not only is it a fallow up, but its a sequel. In this album, there is a second PSA, a second Paul skit, a second Ken Kaniff skit, The Real Slim Shady (Like My Name is), references to the first album, and Kim which is him fighting with his wife and killing her which is a prequel to &quot;97 Bonnie and Clyde&quot; on the first album. He also makes a refference dissing that pop trash like Britany Spears, *NSYNC, and I don't blame him for Christina Agulara. In &quot;Marshal Mathers&quot; he spoofs the LFO song &quot;Summer Girls&quot; and talks about his 2 arch enimies ICP, and I don't blame him for that either. So in closing, this album has some of the best songs ( &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; &quot;Kill You&quot; &quot;Marshal Mathers&quot; &quot;Stan&quot;) and skits (&quot;Steve Berman&quot; &quot;Paul&quot; &quot;Ken Kaniff&quot;).
 B000AA7B4I-618 POSITIVO  I thought this album was fantastic, but be warned- if you don't like to hear about some really graphic violence, don't buy it. Keep your precious ears away from the disturbing but all-too-realistic messages and themes behind the songs in this CD.
 B000AA7B4I-619 POSITIVO  I never listened to rap before Eminem came out. I find his rhythms and rhyme scheme to be fascinating. I believe in total freedom of speech and if you don't like the lyrics, don't listen....OOL LYRICS TO SONGS, LISTEN TO &quot;IM BACK&quot;. MARSHALL MATHERS IS A COOL SONG TOO. HOPE YOU ENJOY THE CDg there money on a cd with innoproperite lyrics, and making him that much more rich. He doesn't care about you. He will do whatever it takes to make money. He has led so many people down the wrong path in life. With his money he is probably going to spend it on drugs, beer, and other stupid stuff. Why wouyld you buy something that has lyrics that talk about sex, voilence, drugs, and more. Well hope you don't buy his cd. Peace out.lad-about drugs of courseAmityville-em and his pals d-12 rappin it oy hereKim-This one is truly a very strange song this is about eminem trying to kill his wife Kim and his hate for her.Criminal-crazy last som stands out alotI like this album just give it a chance to sink in and you will like it too forget about how people diss him and say hes not talented. It's goodan awesome beat.The Real Slim Shady: Ahh, the 'friendly&quot; radio song. It's a good single, but the happy-beat doesn't fit in anywhere on this album.Remember Me: Another &quot;EM going off track.&quot; It's a bit slower than usual, but yet another song that makes this a great CD.Im Back: Em is mad. He thinks that you forgot about him. Overall, a good-to-fair tune.Marshall Mathers: The personal song. Em talks about his mom, and Kim. It's a great slow song. &quot;Slow?&quot; Trust me, it works., beautifully.Drug Ballad: Em's &quot;love song.&quot; He mixes hip-hop choruses into it, and this is this time's &quot;Cum On Everybody.&quot;Amityville: I don't particularly care for this song, but it's good enough to not skip.Bitch Please Part II: Guests galore. It hits hard and fast, with the most straight-rap vibe in this whole album.Kim: A funny-in-a-weird-way song. His &quot;Na-na-na-na-na&quot;s in the beginning is priceless, and so are the lyrics.Under The Influence: Whoa. Em starts out talking to Halley-Jade, and then...........Whoa.Criminal: The perfect closer. A potential single, you'll love it.As for the skits, Public Service Annoucement 2000 is basically a continuation of the first album's intro, Steve Berman is one where he pokes fun at a record-exec, and Ken Kaniff............let's just say, he got ICP back.Em is angry at SOMETHING. You can hear it in his voice. He yells, kicks, screams, and, ultimately, gets his message across. And in the process, he makes one of the finest rap albums ever made.
 B000AA7B4I-620 POSITIVO  Well, it takes getting used to, that's for sure. At first, it will be very offensive. In fact, the violence and homophobiea still offends me. However, one cannot deny that he is a lyrical genius and a great performer. His inner rhymes are on a par with Lorenz Hart, Cole Porter, and Stephen Sondheim. His performances (especially in songs like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot;) are flawless. One should not try to interpret his songs one by one, but the album as a whole. No one should try to interpret &quot;Kill You&quot; without remembering &quot;Stan&quot;. In fact, no song should be taken seriously until the listener hears &quot;Stan&quot; - definately the most important song on the album. I won't tell what it's about - you either already know, or shouldn't have the surprise ruined. Eminem is a brilliant social commentator who will hopefully be creating controversy for years to come.
 B000AA7B4I-621 POSITIVO  this album is brilliant eminem is such a good singer and rapper if u havent brought this album buy it now!!!
 B000AA7B4I-622 NEUTRO  I just wanted to say that the first verse of &quot;Stan&quot; does indeed rhyme. Out of all of Eminem's skills, rhyming is definitely one of them. A lot of his rhymes may be too subtle for most people. A lot of his rhymes are up to par with Nas, master of Rhyme. Anyhow, speaking of substance, as the man below does, this album has substance. He is dealing with his fame and success, and at this point in his life, this is a BIG deal. Okay? He's not rhyming about the environment or consciousness as quantum theory, but criminy, look at it differently. Anyhow, &quot;Stan&quot; does have much substance....too much, it's eerie.
 B000AA7B4I-623 POSITIVO  This new Eminem Cd is awesome. Cool lyrics + phat beats= a really good album, which is what this album is. From The PSA 2000 to Criminal, this cd is PHAT! You should go pick it up! All of the songs are good, but the best songs are 2,3,7,8,11,15,16, and 17. This is album is really done well by Marshall(Eminem) and it is just as good as the Slim Shady LP.
 B000AA7B4I-624 NEGATIVO  Em is talented but his voice is very annoying to me. He also raps about stupid things. Even the Dr. Dre beats on here aren't even all that to me. A few good tracks, mixed in with a bunch of lame ones. Em has the skill to make a really hot album, but he needs better production. This album sounds very corny and cheesy at times. Em's best album was the Slim Shady LP where he proved himself to be a witty and funny lyricist. He tries way too hard to sound all hardcore on this album.
 B000AA7B4I-625 POSITIVO  I certainly think that this is a rap album that was worthy of the 5 stars I gave it. Its excellent. Eminem was really able to bring something to the table back in 2000 and has a great style. His certainly not gangsta rap seeing his not black and he didn't grow up in the ghetto and drug deal etc. So its rather different to alot of other rap albums, but if you are a rap fan than you'll probably enjoy this. He is not bling bling obsessed or anything, the topics in his songs are very interesting and his lyrical skills make prove him as one of the best lyricists ever. I think its such a shame that Em made such rubbish albums (Encore) later in his career when he proved how skilled he was with albums like this. Now about the songs. There are many great songs on this album and all the guest appearances are top. The 3 singles were Stan, The Way I Am and The Real Slim Shady, and none of them were at all overrated. Stan is a very interesting story about a diehard fan committing suicide because he doesn't answer his fan mail. The Way I Am is an angry song where Eminem basically tells people to say away from him. Then The Real Slim Shady is one of those humourous songs he has similiar to My Name Is. Then there are really violent songs like Kill You and Kim, drug songs like Drug Ballad and Under The Influence, a part two of Snoop Dogg's B Please and some more funny songs like Amityville and Criminal. Well this album certainly deserved its Parental Advisory sticker. However you should forget about that and listen to Eminem tell stories of his crazy world.
 B000AA7B4I-626 POSITIVO  I bought this album way back in the day. I think when I was 16 or 17. All I really remember is that when I heard it I LOST MY FREKIN MIND!!!! It was like nothing I had ever heard. Eminem is a wordsmith . Through every song you can live out his point of view clearly, regardless if you agree with it or not.This was always in the car and always in the stereo at home. I could still listen to the whole thing straight through. His best work to date
 B000AA7B4I-627 POSITIVO  Seeing as I have been a fan of Eminem from the very beginning, you might be a bit surprised that I just got this CD a few weeks ago- and it hasn't left my (portable) CD player since. I got this CD for his smash hit single Stan (the absolute best song on the CD), but quickly fell in love with Bitch Please II and Kill You, two other sweet songs. Eminem's second CD is what I think started him on the track he's on now: establishing himself as a world-famous rapper with more skills in his left pinkie finger than most other rappers combined. From a guy that's sure to be a lifelong fan of Slim Shady, adios and rock (or is it rap) on, Em.
 B000AA7B4I-628 POSITIVO  Ok, so he's suppressing alot of rage, but damn is this a good cd! I have not bought a rap album since Public Enemy's &quot;Fear Of A Black Planet&quot; in the very early 90's. This cd has restored some of my faith in rap music as a credible music form. He's not spewing out how rich he is or how many cars or women he has, instead he just goes off on, well, everything. But, Eminem uses his rage to create some very witty, surprisingly intelligent and savage lyrics which will make you fall out of your seat (either from shock or from sheer laughter). A bit rough around the edges, true, but he pretty much offers a commentary on how things really are, which we need more of in a somewhat phony society. Good stuff!
 B000AA7B4I-629 POSITIVO  Eminems Cd is one u should by, but if u got to be all perfect and doesnt like things that are violent and harsh about sociaty be cautiosh when u by it its filled of that but if u dont care ITS A PHAT CD! by it if u want im just giving u advise
 B000AA7B4I-630 POSITIVO  If anyone thinks that no real thought, emotion or skill goes into producing a Rap album, they obviously haven't listened to this album! No words can describe what I feel when I listen to &quot;Kim,&quot; (arguably the best Eminem song to date.) The emotion is so real- you hear his voice crack as he screams and cries- had it not been for him doing the female part as well, you'd almost think it actually happened! Eminem's skills are unmatched and his poetry more impressive than anything I've ever heard. He has tamed the English language and made it work for him in ways that no one else has. It's almost sad that so much of the world can't appreciate his talents enough to take him seriously- not that HE cares at all!
 B000AA7B4I-631 POSITIVO  eminem is 1 of my favorite artists. hes has brilliant lyrics and tight beats. that is why hes so popular. if u dont have this album GO BUY IT NOW OR U WILL BE MAD U DIDNT GET IT.
 B000AA7B4I-632 POSITIVO  Eminem is a rapping genius! This album is better than the first and the first was one of the best albums ever! It has deep songs like &quot;Stan&quot; and purely disturbing songs like &quot;Kim&quot; and &quot;Kill You.&quot; I absolutely love this album and i listen to it all the time. So if you don't have it go and buy it!
 B000AA7B4I-633 POSITIVO  when I bought the album I didn't expect it to be that good. I thought it couldn't reach the high level of the &quot;THE SLIM SHADY LP&quot; but it exceeded it. A must-buy for all eminem fans!
 B000AA7B4I-634 POSITIVO  This is an overall good album, but not eminem`s lyrics made it that good, dr.dre`s beats are again outstanding. Eminem is no real rapper, he can`t be compared to Pac or Biggie. Nevertheless you can`t go wrong with purchasing this album.
 B000AA7B4I-635 POSITIVO  Eminem's latest CD- the highly anticipated &quot;Marshall Mathers LP,&quot; is a pretty good rap album. Unfortunately, with a rapper that spits more venom than a king cobra, you either love him or you hate him. Take note if your easily offended, by anything, this album probably isn't for you. However, if your able to take everthing with a grain of salt, Eminem's latest is better than most of the rap coming out these days. The album is a string of peaks and valleys, some songs among the best I've heard, others you wouldn't even expect on Vanilla Ice's 9th comeback album. From the mainstream catchiness of &quot;the Real Slim Shady,&quot; to the depth and solemnity of &quot;Stan,&quot; to the utter failure of &quot;Kim&quot; the album brings both good and bad. Let this be said, the kid can flow, and he's as witty as they come. That coupled with Dre and Mel Man on much of the production and you have a solid CD. While listening I found myself bursting into laughter on numerous occasions for Em's wit, and bobbing my head to bouncy tracks like &quot;B Please 2,&quot; &quot;Criminal&quot; and &quot;Drug Ballad.&quot; All in all, it's a worthwhile pick-up, but not for the faint of heart. If you like pop music and don't have the piece of mind to let Em say what he will, stay away. Critics will blast him, fans will love him, and preteen girls will fear him, but he's one of a kind.
 B000AA7B4I-636 POSITIVO  I love this cd. He is a good artist. He speaks his mind and if he dislikes something........ he raps about it. He has some funny lyrics. Unlike most people, I like Amittyville. Most people like Stan. That is my second fav. though. Overall though, unless u can't handle this, BUY IT!
 B000AA7B4I-637 POSITIVO  Eminem returns with a second great album, The Marshall Mathers LP. NOT FOR CHILDREN OR TEENS, this album uses strong language to speak about tough upbringings and the consequences of drug abuse. It DOES NOT glorify the use of drugs or violence (as anyone who has listened to and grasped the lyrics would know) but does not hide you from the truth. A must-have for fans of the Detroit rapper.
 B000AA7B4I-638 POSITIVO  I'll keep it short, so here; The Marshall Mathers LP is the best hip hop/rap album you will hear this year. I know you see that all the time &quot;The best album ever&quot; and &quot;album of the year&quot; but just take your time to see the genius behind the multiple personalities, variations in emotions (from serious homophobia to slapstick insults towards your MTV teen pop star) and you will agree with me. ... Dre's production is ominiscient with each track and the lines Eminem spurls out rattles your mind. It's a worthy LP, that deserves more effort than your typical Puffy/NAS (any other sell out artists) album. So what are you waiting for? Buy this ... thing!
 B000AA7B4I-639 POSITIVO  This is the best eminem cd yet! The beats are off the hook. Every song is dope. U should go out and buy this cd if u like eminem. It is better than the first one.
 B000AA7B4I-640 POSITIVO  Eminem's new cd is awsome. Track number 10 &quot;im Back&quot; is tight. Em makes fun of everybody in this album,You should buy this album for the lyrics alone,but the beats are also phat. A MUST BUY.
 B000AA7B4I-641 POSITIVO  The is Marshal Mathers' (Eminem's) best album yet. Dispite the explicit lyrics and sick humer it is halriously funny. He has picked good backround music and good sound effects. He has realated all his songs to his life wich is interesting because you learn about his life. Slim Shady's life has been very similer to Eminiem's. I like the way he targets pop. He totally dises pop and I personly hate pop. I hope you really like this CD because I do.
 B000AA7B4I-642 POSITIVO  His last cd was the best in the world. But not anymore, his new cd is a 100 times better. If you liked his last cd (Slim Shady LP) you will definetly love this one. If i could give it anymore stars i would, so buy this cd right now!
 B000AA7B4I-643 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP is Eminem's best CD yet. It's a lot better than his last one. All the songs have really hot beats and the songs are so funny. If you like Eminem or rap you definatly have to get this album
 B000AA7B4I-644 POSITIVO  Eminem has mastered his rapping skills and this album is even better than his debut album which came out last year. Many guest appearances including Dre, Snoop, and D-12. The lyrics are still great and hilarious but the beats are even better. Some songs of interest are &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;, &quot;Under the Influence&quot;, &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, and the greatest song on the album, &quot;Stan&quot;. It is about a stalker-fan dude and it is funny as hell. Buy this today but be prepared to hear some lyrics that are funny, and defintily obscene.
 B000AA7B4I-645 POSITIVO  Before you read this REVIEW do yourself a favor and go buy this cd! To tell the truth i hated on eminem when he first came out. I thought he was wack, i thought he was another vanilla ice, but i like him now. He's kinda like marilyn manson in that it takes a while to like his music. His first cd was the bomb, and i didnt think he could top that one, but this one might very well do that. Every song is tight on this album, except the one with sticky fingas. Eminem is very talented! Go get this album!
 B000AA7B4I-646 POSITIVO  Yo you guys if you don't have this cd yet you need to get it if you thought he was over the edge on last album he totally jumps over the line on this one and I love it. I like the way he makes fun of Insane Clown Posse and boy bands and everything just buy the album it is worth it
 B000AA7B4I-647 POSITIVO  Track 16 the song (Kim) has to be the one that people found the most disturbing to hear Eminem does nothing but talk during that hole song about he found a man with his wife sleeping together he beat him up and drag Kim in the trunk of his car drove off into somewear out in the middle of know wear wear it's just trees thats when Eminem took her out she started running he grab her then stab and killed her. On some of his other songs I love it when he talks about faggets.
 B000AA7B4I-648 POSITIVO  This album had some great songs and not many bad ones.1)PSA 2000 - Intro2)Kill You 2/5 - Not bad, okay beat.3)Stan 4/5 - Great song, Dido does the chorus4)Paul - Skit5)Who Knew 4/5 - Good song, explains how he didn't realize he would cause so much hell.6)Steve Berman - Skit7)The Way I Am 5/5 - Excellent work. Explains about his fame8)The Real Slim Shady 5/5 - Fast paced "My Name Is" great song, classic em9)Rememeber Me 1/5 - Kind of annoying10)I'm Back 4/5 - Good beat and flow11)Marshall Mathers 3/5 - Some good rhymes12)Ken Kaniff - Skit13)Drug Ballad 2/5 - Some okay lyrics14)Amityville 2/5 - Heavy song15)Bitch Please 2 4/5 - Dre and Snoop are great16)Kim 2/5 - Heavy song, talks about Kim cheatin on him17)Under the Influence 2/5 - Good flow18)Criminal 3/5 - Some very good lyrics, not a great chorusOver all this is a very good album, a definate buy. In my opinion it's not as quite as good as the eminem show but still an awesome LP.
 B000AA7B4I-649 POSITIVO  Just 1 year after the release of his classic debut, Eminem goes back to the lab and comes out with yet another one. This time around though, Eminem shows a totally different side to him. It's a dark, grimey, raw image he tries to portray on this album. This album will fall under being one of the most controversial albums ever. This album had people/parents protesting against it saying it shouldn't even be on the shelves. Well all this eventually led to a record breaking 1.76 million copies sold in its first week, the most ever for a solo artist.Eminem is on point on every single track off this album. There is not 1 skippable track you will find on here. This album is pure genius and classic. Unlike the other Eminem albums, this one does not have any pointless and stupid skits. My favorite is the Ken Kaniff one where he is making fun of the Insane Clown Posse. His creativity is still there from his last album but the smooth flow and crazy lyrical ability is missing. It's still hot but it just doesn't measure up lyrically to 'The Slim Shady LP.' But on the other hand, the choruses are way better on this album compared 'The Slim Shady LP.' The production is yet again really good, with Dr. Dre doing most of the tracks again. I loved all the guest appearances on the album except for RBX who featured on "Remember Me?" Guest appearances include D12, Sticky Fingaz, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit and Nate Dogg. My favorite tracks are "Stan," "The Way I Am" and "Criminal."There is almost nothing Eminem could of done to make this album better. I would suggest this album to every rap fan...but don't let your parents here it or they might take it away from you and break it. This album is straight up crazy and Eminem will surprise you with some of the stuff he says. This album is definitely worth your money so go out and buy it. I guarantee that you won't be disappointed with it.
 B000AA7B4I-650 POSITIVO  nothin else to say. and the tracksthe first song is "Kill You". its a diss to his mom and kim its a hot song (5/5)next is the classic "Stan" about an obsessed fan that eventually commites suicide. (5/5)"Who Knew" may just be the funniest song ever. its about parents that hate him (5/5)"The Way I Am" is a mad em about critics and fans and stuff (5/5)"The real Slim Shady" is a funny single. (5/5)"Remember Me" is the worst on the album. em is screaming and its annoying. (2/5)"I'm Back" is a good song about him being back (4.5/5)"Marshall Mathers" is one of my favorites that can be funny and mad. (5/5)"Drug Ballad" is a good song too about getting high (5/5)"Amityville" is a real good song that is underrated by alot of people. (5/5)"B**ch Please II" is a real HOT song. its the sequal to the snoop classic (5/5)"Kim"-not sure"Under The Influence" is the second worst on the cd but nothing like Remiember Me (3/5)"Criminal"- save the best for last. definatly the albums best. its hilarious and just a classic. (5+/5)top 5CriminalStan (f/dido)Amityville (f/bizarre of d12)Marshall MathersWho Knewget all of his albums
 B000AA7B4I-651 POSITIVO  This is good for Em, I like this better than his new efforts like "Encore" and "Eminem Show" most of this is good, i haven't heard every song though, like "drug ballad" "Amityville" "Kim""Marshall Mathers" "Criminal" and "KIm" cause it was taped for me by one of my friendz and them tracks wasnt on it, anywayz the standout tarcks are "kill You" "stan" "remember me?" "Real Slim Shady" and "Under the Influence" with D12. Not as good as Slim Shady LP but still tight.And thats all I have to say about that
 B000AA7B4I-652 POSITIVO  this album is the best by Em until he releases another quite like this one this album will be the best he has ever released.The 2 albums that followed the "Marshall Mathers LP" are not all that artistic.Many argue that this album is way too explicit(and kids dont be fooled by the clean or explicit version of the album,the message is still the same).Many offended by the lyrics of this album tried to push for Em to clean up the songs.The offended crowd sure know how to kill music.You can't delete lines of a song if those lines actually do justice to the song.Eminem w/o curse words is really NOT A RAP artist.This is the best album he has ever released TO DATE.i can't stand the others but this one kicks ass.
 B000AA7B4I-653 POSITIVO  I like this album alot. I always liked Eminem ever since "My mane is" came out. I personally don't give a f- what every one else thinks. And by the way he is not insane or crazy. :)P.S. Buy they CD it is awesome!!
 B000AA7B4I-654 POSITIVO  this is no question the best eminem album we'll ever see. it'll almost impossible for him to outdo this album. BUY IT! it's awesome.
 B000AA7B4I-655 POSITIVO  the Marshall Mathers lp is the best the will never be an album as good as it best songs the way i am kill you stan crimal and the real slim shady kim is also a good song
 B000AA7B4I-656 POSITIVO  Although Eminem receives a lot of heat from critics because of his vulgar lyrics and explicit content, he put together one of the best albums I have had the privilege of listening to. The "Marshal Mathers LP" is a true masterpiece and one of the only albums I can listen to all the way through without skipping a track. Because Eminem's first album (The Slim Shady LP) was so successful, many of his critics predicted he would be a one hit wonder. They concluded that he was just a flavor of the month and his second album was doomed to be a failure. However, Eminem proved them all wrong when his second album sold millions of copies within its first week of release. The success of this album elevated Eminem's status from a talented white rapper to a hip-hop icon.This album is packed with platinum singles including `The Real Slim Shady', `Stan', and `The Way I Am'. Although these songs are very popular, they are not among my favorites in the album. `Who Knew' is one of my favorite songs because Eminem responds to his critics by explaining that he did not know he would have such a tremendous impact on the kids who listen to his music. He says such things as, "Who woulda thought that Slim Shady would be something that you woulda bought, and make you get a gun and shoot at a cop, I just said it, I didn't know if you'd do it or not." Some of my other favorite songs include `Amityville', `Remember Me', and `Kill You' simply because they have incredibly catchy beats and Eminem is at his lyrical best.Although Eminem is considered one of the best rappers in the market today, this album does have some weak points. First of all, Eminem is very talented but he could improve his skills on riding a beat. What I mean by riding a beat is keeping his rap at the same speed as the beat of the song. On certain songs it seems as though he speeds up or slows down a little bit in order to get in sync with the beat. Also, the formula for this album is very similar to his first album. I am referring to the order in which the singles are released. The first single was `The Real Slim Shady' which was an upbeat catchy song that got everyone interested. The second single was `The Way I Am' which is a very dark and deep song. However, I suppose the formula works because his album went multi-platinum extremely quick. Despite a couple weak points, this album is defiantly worth investing your time and money in.
 B000AA7B4I-657 POSITIVO  Eminem's newest release is a wacky blend of hip-hop, humor, violence, homophobia and irreverence. This is definately not for the kind at heart, Disney loving audience that found Vanilla Ice to be the Elvis of rap. If anything, Eminem is the Joe Pesci of rap. He manages to dis virtually everyone in society, including his mom and the late, great Sonny Bono. If you enjoy watching Pulp Fiction, you'll probally love this. If you don't, stay as far from this as possible.
 B000AA7B4I-658 POSITIVO  If you liked his first, You'll love this one. Beats are tigth, Lyrics are fresh and new. Still not for the easily offened. Five Stars +
 B000AA7B4I-659 POSITIVO  A very good cd! Its one of my best cds! I got it the day it came out and it was even better then I excepted. My favorite songs are kill you,stan, iam back, the real slim shady, marshall mathers, kim, and criminal! He makes fun of Britteny Spears, Christina Agulara, N'stink,and the backstreet boys! VERY FUNNY! if you dont have the cd then I suggest you go get it! EMINEM RULES!
 B000AA7B4I-660 POSITIVO  This is pack with great music. His lyrics are aousome. Most of the tracks are much different than the Real Slim Shady (the first single). this is a must buy for any Emienem fan
 B000AA7B4I-661 POSITIVO  This CD is definitely excellent. However, it isnt as consistent as the Slim Shady disc. The beats on Marshall Mathers don't quite match up to his last disc and the lyrics at times rely more on repetition and posing than on creative twists. There are some brilliant songs in this collection to be sure. 'Stan' is an unforgettable tune. But there are also more throw-away songs on this album. A few songs are borderline embarrassing. Nonetheless, overall this disc will be one of the best of the year. The problem with this type of music is trying to keep things fresh and creative. Eminem has proven he's extremely talented. The question is, will he run out of ideas? The throw-away songs on this album suggest a tiny crack in his armor. When an artist has filler songs the well may be running dry. On the other hand, the brilliant songs reassure us that Eminem is a force to be reckoned with.
 B000AA7B4I-662 POSITIVO  Well you have to give up for Shady, It was hard to top his first album but he did. This cd shows his versitlity(?) and his great writing ability. Marshall Mather is a must have Cd.
 B000AA7B4I-663 POSITIVO  Eminem comes very good on this album. When I first heard &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; I was so mad. I was worried the whole album was gonna be like that.. its not. From the first track &quot;Kill You,&quot; until &quot;Criminal,&quot; Eminem gives off very good lyrics. The best tracks in my opinion are &quot;Stan,&quot; &quot;The Way I Am,&quot; amd &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;. But the rest of the album is very good also.
 B000AA7B4I-664 POSITIVO  For any who bought Eminems first album, they know exactly how sick he can be.They also know how talented he is. He is definetly one of the best rappers out. We got &quot;rappers&quot; like Will Smith making millions and it's good to see someone who can actually rap making money.Alot of the stuff on his album might be disturbing but you can't deny that he produces good songs. ... Kim and Stan are probably the two most wacked out songs as far as what he's saying. But that's the real slim shady.Oh yeah, by the way, don't be fooled by his new song &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; his album is much darker than that song, in a good way though.Shady wrote some of each song.In my opinion the best song on the album is &quot;The Way I Am&quot; which is written,produced,and mixed by Eminem.It's one of the less disturbing songs and it's got a phat beat and well written lyrics. My only complaint is I would have liked to see him do more producing since he shows in that song he has the talent to do so.People need to forget the overpublicized lyrical content and recognize that he has the right to be a cocky rapper. Some say somphmore albums got a curse on them but he proves that the whole sophmore slump thing only applies to people without alot of talent.THIS ALBUM IS ACTUALLY BETTER THAN HIS ORIGNAL(that doesn't even seem possible,I know) BUY IT IT'S WORTH EVERY CENT.
 B000AA7B4I-665 POSITIVO  This album was good, but really not 5 star material. That's reserved for album's like &quot;Illmatic,&quot; &quot;Strictly Business,&quot; and &quot;Ready to Die.&quot; Slim Shady's new one is good, but not on that level. People keep saying how great the song's &quot;Stan&quot; &amp; &quot;Kim&quot; are. I agree that they are creative, but not very good. The best track is without a doubt #15. That's one of the tightest songs I heard in a while. The rest is alright, highlighted by &quot;Criminal,&quot; &quot;Marshall Mathers,&quot; and &quot;I'm Back.&quot; Shady proves on this album that he is one of the top lyricist in the rap game. If you don't have this album, you should've bought it YESTERDAY.I'm Music Master and this is the truth.
 B000AA7B4I-666 POSITIVO  Although my parents would'nt let me get this cd un-edited, i was able to get it without the &quot;explictit lyrics&quot; The real slim shady and stan are the best.
 B000AA7B4I-667 POSITIVO  This album is unbelievable! Even me, being a huge rock freak, i enjoyed every track on this CD. Eminem dishes out one great song after another! The only exception is &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, which was obviously only incluided to get a real radio song in the mix, as it totally kills the whole flow of the album and the wicked beats. Anyhow, pick up this album ASAP cause it's Eminem's best yet and surely one of the best of the year!
 B000AA7B4I-668 POSITIVO  This album is way phat!Especially the song Stan,it is VERY emotional.I recommend this album to anyone who likes anykind of rap music!
 B000AA7B4I-669 POSITIVO  Ok people, I just bought this cd today and I must say that I absolutely loved this album. Eminem really got it together with the beats. I would definitely recommend this album to anybody who likes a good &quot;rap&quot; album. ... This is why eminem will always succeed, because he ticks people off! I love it. Its great emotion. I'm willing to listen to anything new Slim puts out. I doubt this will be his last album LOL. In closing, Willenium is not that good of an album name LOL Eminem rules!re, you'll probably like this one. Now if they just would've included an unedited version of &quot;The Kids&quot;...
 B000AA7B4I-670 POSITIVO  I've been with Eminem since the Slim Shady EP came out. Then the LP came out and he blows up. I say congrats to Em! I'm really glad to see a great lyricist in the mainstream. ..., it's good to see creativity in the business. Take &quot;Stan&quot;. Trust me, you'll NEVER hear a song this beautiful and original EVER. And he has those harder songs, &quot;Kill You&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot;, &quot;Remember Me?&quot;. Just about everything in here's gold. The only tracks I would skip during a listen to this is &quot;Amityville&quot; (featuring the medicore, Bizarre) and &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; (Not as original as we expect from him) But, BUY THIS ALBUM. Pretty amazing.ds want to be like him. His brutally honest &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; showcases his once back-and-forth relationship with drugs and their brutal effects. Two of the biggest standouts on the album are &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim.&quot; &quot;Stan&quot; illustrates the issue of fan-obsession and its extremes. The song soars with backing vocals by Dido, making it even more captivating. &quot;Kim&quot; is oddly gripping and emotionally exhausting--its haunting melody and lyrics paint a picture of the darker side of a relationship gone too far. Eminem wildly wavers between hate, love, dispair, and hope before ending the song with the utmost tragedy. Eminem's writing skills are amazing--his ability to tell stories conjure up disturbing mental images as he journeys to the dark side of life. Definitely not for the easily offended, Eminem will make you laugh, think, and hit the &quot;repeat&quot; button on your CD player. This album is worth buying and listening.
 B000AA7B4I-671 POSITIVO  it's true that this isn't the Slim Shady EP dark joy-ride. however, it is a good 2nd offering, and it would take a miracle indeed to live up to his debut album. he isn't producing albums with the intent of pleasing his fans, and if you listen to it for the venting and production that it is, i think fans of his previous album will be pleased.
 B000AA7B4I-672 POSITIVO  Bottom line is this cd is one you can put in your cd player and just let it go. I dont like the skits cause it takes time away from music he could have added, but the marshal mathers lp is pimped out. for those of you who say that he is rude or some bs, get over it. He does it to annoy you. just look at it in a humorous way. Or just dont listen to it. The music is great, the way that eminem tells stories and does characters in his busic is brilliant. The song Stan is an amazing song, very moving. I like every song but remember me, its annoying. Other than that eminem has broken through the field of most artists by being able to put out two cd's that are dominant. He has proved that he is not a one hit wonder.
 B000AA7B4I-673 POSITIVO  This is the funnyst and best album out now by far especially the ''i hope you die'' if you are thinking of bying this advise you to by the extra track one beacaue along comes mary is just the best.
 B000AA7B4I-674 POSITIVO  This the best rap CD to date.The thing i love bout Eminem is he has no fear of speaking his mind i respect him for that!He is a great rapper i have been a fan of Eminem since I bought the Slim Shadey LP and I thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread!Then the new LP came out and listing and it is the best thing since paradise.GET THIS CD IF YOU ARE A FAN OF RAP SCREW THAT GET THIS CD IF YOU ARE A FAN OF MUSIC
 B000AA7B4I-675 POSITIVO  First of all, let me say this: If you take lyrics seriously, this cd is NOT for you. Although Eminem's newest CD contains a lot of violent, hateful, profane lyrics, it's all in good fun. If you can listen to a song without thinking every word coming out of the artists mouth is true and serious, then check out the cd as soon as possible. Its got some mad beats, some great (and hilarious) lyrics, and even has its emotional parts. Eminem tells you about his real life, about his family, and how people didn't care about him before, but now that he's famous, all of a sudden everyone loves him again. Some songs have funny, light-hearted lyrics, while others have a sincere, emotional message. Check out the CD, and try not to critisize every little thing Eminem does or says. Just let the man express himself!
 B000AA7B4I-676 POSITIVO  Eminem has always been my favourite rapper, with his nose-voice and hilarious lyrics. This cd is full of good songs, so you should go and get it!
 B000AA7B4I-677 POSITIVO  This CD is tight, but the editing stinks. I agree that you should definitely get the explicit version of the CD. I also reccomend the SLIM SHADY LP because all the songs on that are tight, except for "If I Had", its totally [bad]. well, peace out and D-12 forever!
 B000AA7B4I-678 POSITIVO  ...After lisetening to his first album and then his second right behind it..I find that eminem isn't as angry as he was in the first album and the colorful way he slips and idea or a flow from one song to the other is quite ingenious. He's got some songs that really tap into aggression that i haven't heard since some old eric b and rakiem and public enemy.He captures whats going on in the hearts and minds of the young ones today.. Though it may be inappropriate for some, hes not really bragging about tons of women, sex, and money, but its more like hes having a session with his physcologist.. I really think hes deep and the cd's both are well made , not for commercial appeal but as an artist who is trying to deliver a message, and a decent message at that..but its kind of like a rated R movie...I DONT THINK ITS FOR ANYONE UNDER 17! lolg about being a serial killer.... strangely....) Ice-T is just as raw and his Body Count stuff would appeal to the same audience (if they get that he's being funny too....). Even old stuff-- Too $hort-- is lots in the same vein.... I'd get this disc though... though the first one might be better....hink that he has no influence on kids and what they think.I will agree with Eminem that there are a bunch of stupid people out there who want to blame their bad parenting skills on rap music and movies and television but on the same hand entertainers need to realize the power they hold. Maybe his pile of money has grown so mountainous that he cant see over it to see the damage he is doing? argh.I will admit that the album is crafted well, the beats are on and the rhymes are clever.I just dont dig what Eminem says. Its a drag.To hear Eminem's flippant 'f' you style was amusing. The charm has worn off. Maybe the fans (or was that 'STAN'?) will wake up and realize that the people who buy this album are the ones being made fun of. hmmmm.If you are going to buy it, theres nothing I can say to stop you.Just remember Vanilla Ice. Angry bleached headed white boy with ghetto cred that made all the kids go crazy. Just think of Eminem as Vanill Ice, the remix. zzzzzzz.PS. I gave this album 1 star becuz amazon wont let you give it zero stars. not because i endorse it.
 B000AA7B4I-679 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP brings a new cool feel to the genre that is sure to attract listners that previously steered away from the whole rap scene. The topics of this album, while violent, are very powerful and honest. &quot;Stan&quot; is the most powerful song I have heard in years and deserves some sort of award. Even people who don't particularly like Eminem will come around when they hear the mastery that went into the production of this fantastic album. I recommend it to anybody.
 B000AA7B4I-680 POSITIVO  I have to admit, I surprised myself and my friends by purchasing this album, but I also have to admit I am glad. Although the lyrical content is surprising and sometimes a bit scary, there are parts I can't help but laugh to when I hear them. Eminem truly has talent--both rapping, singing and acting, and I hope he continues making work as great as this.
 B000AA7B4I-681 POSITIVO  ... he definitely showcases his talents on this masterpiece of a CD. ....Now that I've gotten my frustration out and gotten my point across, I can talk about how good this album really is. This truly is an excellent CD, especially for all you hip-hop fans out there such as myself. The only two tracks he kind of goes overboard on is &quot;Ken Kaniff&quot; and &quot;Kim.&quot; But that's only 2 tracks out of 18: everything else on this CD is masterfully done. Like I said before, most of the stuff he's rappin' about he's just trippin'. The only 3 tracks he's really tryin' to get a point across is in Stan, where an obsessed fan takes his loyalty to Em a little too far. In &quot;Who Knew&quot;, he's tryin' to say how was he supposed to know kids would take his lyrics seriously and do somethin' stupid. &quot;The Way I Am&quot; not only is one of his best songs, but a deep one too. The song &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; is kinda half clownin', half serious. The part about his family and them wanting money from him now that he's got the cash can relate to a lot of you out there.All you rap fans out there need to add this one to your library: it's easily one, if not the best hip-hop albums I've ever heard. It'd be one of you'll best investments you'd ever make.nem, they only appear on 4 tracks (Bitch Please 2, Amityville, Under the Influence &amp; Remember Me). Eminem's music isn't like other rappers (I never liked any of Dr. Dre's albums, for example), so even if you're into punk or other genres like I am, you just might like this...(I never liked any of Dr. Dre's albums, for example), so even if you're into punk or other genres like I am, you just might like this...
 B000AA7B4I-682 POSITIVO  I never liked rap.If you asked me last year,I would say,&quot;Put a c infront of rap and theres my opinion&quot;.After hearing the Eminem CD,something changed.Here are my favorite songs.2-Kill you. 3-Stan.feat.Dido 5-Who knew? 7-The way Iam 8-Real sim shady 10-I'm back 13-Drug Ballad 16-Kim 18-CriminalGo out there and buy this CD if you like tight rymes,reality,and your a blade of grass(eminem hates everyone except the grass)If you like Dr.Dre,you'll like Eminem,and Vice Versa
 B000AA7B4I-683 POSITIVO  It might not be your style; rap, but even if you like rap or not.. you have to admit that eminem's lyrics are extremely good!For Example: the lyrics of Stan and Kim, eminem succeeds to put a story in his records.. its rap with emotion.Im not very impressed by the overall album, but the lyrics in some songs (particular: The way I am, Stan and Kim) are so good that I want to rate this CD 4 stars
 B000AA7B4I-684 NEGATIVO  Eminem has finally shown the American public that he is nothing more than a one trick pony. The follow-up to his very interesting (and at times amazing) debut album is nothing more than crass &quot;hip pop&quot; which appeals to the lowest common denomenator. The production is lame, the rhymes are repetitive and uncreative, and the scenario is always the same: Hmmm, what can I do to disgust my listeners now? Don't get me wrong, Eminem does possess a great amount of mic ability (for anyone who disagrees, just listen to &quot;Any Man&quot; off the Soundbombing, Vol. 2 comp). If he would just quit trying to shock the music community and quit making songs designed to get his videos on TRL, he would be a great musical talent.
 B000AA7B4I-685 POSITIVO  Everything here is perfect. His first CD was all in good fun, but he gets down to business and combines his sick humor with a mature side for a masterpiece. Subject matter, originality, smooth flow and lyrics; this album has everything.WHY DONT YOU OWN IT YET?
 B000AA7B4I-686 NEGATIVO  Eminem had to struggle in his life, I'll agree with that after viewing EMtv and other documentaries about him... and I like that he's expressing how he feels...However, this album, in my opinion, was overated terribly. It is a decent album, but the hype surrounding it is trying to make this release seem like it was the best CD ever released in 50 years......The #1 reason to why I am not supporting eminem anymore is that he is out of ideas... he's out of ideas....The good tracks on the cd were: &quot;Stan&quot; , &quot;Whoever Knew&quot; , &quot;Real Slim Shady&quot; (even though everyones sick of it) , &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; , and &quot;Kim&quot; even though that is sadistic and morally no one should like that :-)but the rest of the cd is self centered topics or just any lyrics slopped together and made into a song... &quot;I Am&quot; , &quot;B*tch Please part 2&quot; , &quot;Kill You&quot; , and the rest of the cd...If eminem joined with Rawkus or another underground label...he wouldn't be as popular but he would be a better artist...... Eminem is one of the most talented MCs out today. He can rap over practically any beat, speed it up or slow it down, whatever. Listen to this album and you will realize he can lay down lyrics over anything and it will sound like they were meant to be together. BUY THIS ALBUM, BUT DONT LET IT BABYSIT YOUR KIDS. nuff said. l realize he can lay down lyrics over anything and it will sound like they were meant to be together. BUY THIS ALBUM, BUT DONT LET IT BABYSIT YOUR KIDS. nuff said.
 B000AA7B4I-687 POSITIVO  It's hard to believe that this young man can hit a real social chord in a guy that is 47..I find the pathos in his lyrics and straight on voice to be quite a refection of today's misplaced young people. He has poetry and humor, and assaulting obscenity. I don't think the man could be too over rated, though a steady diet of &quot;Slim&quot; would be too much for me!He is real! At least from my perspective.
 B000AA7B4I-688 NEGATIVO  Whoa, this is one bad dude! Reminds me of Vanilla Ice protesting he &quot;came from the streets&quot; and showing off a scar he got shaving his legs. &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; sounds like a sped-up nursery rhyme. The other cuts are about &quot;Bubby's&quot; hard life, oh and a couple about how hard it was to sell his first album 'cause it was so groundbreaking (yeah it only went triple platnum?). Hey, great CD for &quot;chillin wid my homes&quot; on the way to the mall in mom's Volvo wagon. Peace, out!
 B000AA7B4I-689 NEGATIVO  If you are a rap fan you would like this cd. I do not recommend this cd. If you like hearing about killing and beating people this is for you. This cd is clearly meant to offend people. ... Eminem has no talent and I do not recommend this cd. regret it. seious. anyways my fave are kill you, stan (its sad), who knew, the way i am, the real slim shady, marshall mathers, b*tch please II, under the influence, criminal (basically all of them) this cd is the best i ever heard and is definitlly worth your $$$. i recommend it to anyone that apreciates a good sense of humor and takes insults lightly. if u're easily offended... buy it. git offended. i dont care. ha. eminem is the best rappa in da world and he rulz! who every hates him or diss him is stupid and mentally retarded.minem wonders aloud why &quot;Everybody wants to run their mouths and try to take shots at me&quot;. Dr. Dre's production is as tight as usual and Eminem shows some diversity as he produces some of his own tracks as well. His guest rappers D12 suffer from trying to be a little too much like him but they also have skills. Overall a ridiculous album. BUY IT NOW!lic Service Annoucement). Bottom line, get this CD. It's for new and old Eminem fans alike. It's funny, phat, has great lyrics, tells the truth about music today, and of course tells the tales of a man named Marshall Mathers. It flows 99% of the time, and only leaves listeners left short on tracks like &quot;Remember Me?&quot; and &quot;Amityville&quot;. (Opinion of course)... I can't tell you which tracks you'll like and which you wont but bottom line (like stated before) is: For the real fans who have been following Em's work for awhile now, and also for the fans who have just recently caught onto this young man's fabulous work and his great addition to the rap/hip-hop world who will probably only buy the CD for &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; will like it as well. If that's good or bad, I don't know, but either way everybody is going to have a good LP in their hands after paying their 15 bucks. So put one finger on each hand up and be proud to be out of your mind and out of control and one more time play the whole CD through. (Oh yeah...If you don't like my opinion then refer to the song &quot;Under The Influence) Thanks..
 B000AA7B4I-690 NEGATIVO  I was a HUGE fan of Eminem's first album. I thought that he showed unlimited potential and great lyrical skill. When the first single from &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; entitled &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; came out I was extremely excited. He showed even more ability on that single than on any other song he had done. Unfortunately, Marshall has gone for shock value on his new disc in such a way that he completely forgets to make good music. On certain tracks he shows some of the promise displayed earlier in his career, but quickly fades into an ocean of shock lyrics for the sake of being shocking. There are really only 2 or 3 good songs on this disc. Not worth buying. Please Eminem, next time concentrate on quality, not shock value.
 B000AA7B4I-691 NEGATIVO  First of all one star is a complement to this album. .... This is the real trashy album, only three songs are worth listening to, &quot;stan&quot;, &quot;The real slim shady&quot; and &quot;Bitch please II&quot;. The rest are commercial and belong to the toilet, ..., trying to be vocal like 2pac, eminem aint pac and he should shut out if he has run out of lyrics. Dre's production is really weak on this album and it sounds more like the first Aftermath album. Dre really fell off, he desperately needs his old Deathrow production mates. Please don't waste your money, if you don't have his debut album that's the one to go for, it's really tight ten times better than this trash. I really regret buying this album.Bitch Please 2, Amityville, Under the Influence &amp; Remember Me). Eminem's music isn't like other rappers (I never liked any of Dr. Dre's albums, for example), so even if you're into punk or other genres like I am, you just might like this...Talk about improvement! This is a classic rap album, much better than The Slim Shady LP which only had a handful of exceptional tracks. Eminem sounds really good on this album. Out of the 18 tracks, 4 are skits &amp; 6 aren't as good as the rest: Amityville, Kim, Who Knew, Remember Me, Stan &amp; Drug Ballad, though I think some of you will disagree with me about these tracks being only OK.And the other 8? Those are the best, in this order: Marshall Mathers Criminal Bitch Please 2 The Real Slim Shady Kill You The Way I Am I'm Back Under the InfluenceThe Marshall Mathers LP is 'Slim Shady LP Part II', more of the same ol' same ol' but with a rich new flavor. Eminem has guest appearances by Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit &amp; D-12 among others. Don't worry about them stealing the spotlight from Eminem, they only appear on 4 tracks (Bitch Please 2, Amityville, Under the Influence &amp; Remember Me). Eminem's music isn't like other rappers (I never liked any of Dr. Dre's albums, for example), so even if you're into punk or other genres like I am, you just might like this...
 B000AA7B4I-692 NEGATIVO  I cannot believe that so many people are giving this cd 5 stars.Whats so good about it?Its crap plain and simple.Why are there so many people that support such a hateful mysogynistic bastard?Is it because they like to be disturbed? I just cant see it.I believe it is truly sad that anyone would feel this way. I mean get some frickin therapy already.Anyone can see this guys got some serious mental problems.Why would you support the rantings of such a confused,hateful and frightened man?I believe that this album is pure garbage and theres so much better stuff you can listen to then this.This is truly bottom of the barrel crap.Nuff said.
 B000AA7B4I-693 POSITIVO  If you are a fan of music, this is an album that needs to be in the collection. This album has something for everyone, except maybe for little impressionable kids. The dope beats that are pressed down by Dre and Eminem make this an instant classic, ala &quot;The Chronic&quot; and &quot;The Chronic 2001&quot;. Along with the beats, the songs have choruses that'll have you rapping to yourself all day long. The lyrics are something else. He pretty much offends everybody with his amazingly witty rhymes full of disses and comebacks. This, the second of Em's mainstream albums proves that he is here to stay and that his style and his attitude will stick around as well. Check out, Track #'s 2,3,5,8,11,12,14,17,18. Get this CD, it's money well spent. The only bad thing about this album is trying to get the catchy tunes out your head. Being the only complaint, Em's sophomore album is a great follow-up to his first, but how can he top this? Every year there are more and more little pop stars to offendend and dope beats being invented. Eminem provides laughs while forcing us to move to his beats. He'll be back!
 B000AA7B4I-694 POSITIVO  This album is great. It really shows off his talent, as does the 1st album, the Slim Shady LP. Marshall Mathers LP is a lot angrier than his 1st LP, which really adds to the album. There isn't as much talk about drugs as the 1st album. The best song on the album without a doubt is Stan, about a crazed fan who only wants to be with him.
 B000AA7B4I-695 POSITIVO  Ok, everyone knows eminem, but you've never heard him like this before! This whole album is just incredible from the opening skit to the last song! So below heres my reviewPublic Service Announcement 2000 - Very good way to start the album off with some seriously twisted humor, it is also very funny. 5/5Kill You - I didn't care for this song the first time I heard it but it really grows on you even though the whole song is about violence and drugs. 5/5Stan - This is a great song, but it doesn't really fit the rest of the album. 4/5Paul - This is great because if you hear the "Paul skit" on the first album, its telling em to calm down and to stop rapping so harshly and offensivly, but now Paul is just giving up. 5/5Who Knew - VERY offensive song and it truly gets you hooked in and ready for the rest of the album. 5/5Steve Berman - This is my favorite skit on the album, very funny and it insults eminem but not in a bad way. 5/5The Way I Am - This song is great, it follows the previous skit very well and has some lyrics that will make you think about em's life. 4.5/5The Real Slim Shady - This song was over-played back in the day yet it never gets old because the lyrics are really funny. 5/5Rmember Me? - This is the only song on the album I don't really care for too much, em's part is great and the other rappers(RBX and STICKY FINGAZ)are decent, yet the song does get old. 3/5I'm Back - There isn't much to say about this one except that it sounds pretty average compared to most of the album. 3.5/5Marshall Mathers - Extremely good song, the lyrics are well thought out and he disses ICP! How cool is that!?! 5/5Ken Kaniff - If you remember the "Ken skit" from the next album, you won't be shocked but other wise, be prepared, this is VERY sick and disturbing, but yet again makes fun of ICP, so it's very good. 4/5Drug Ballad - This song reminds me of something off of his last album, because you guessed it by the title, it's all about drugs, but yes, it's great. 5/5Amityville - Woah! I never really cared for Bizarre too much, but he is awesome in this song! Em's second part of the song is also very good! 5/5B**** please II - This is the best song off the album because it's got four other awesome rappers in it(Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit, and Nate Dogg). The whole song is awesome! I just wish Nate had more of the song then the chorous. 5/5Kim - This song is NOT for everyone! It can be very hard to handle and is VERY sick, because it's not for everyone, though I love it. 4/5Under The Influence - You've never heard D12 this good before! Once again Bizarre is a lot better then he useally is. 5/5Criminal - This is the most offensive song off the album! It's very funny and the lyrics are very good, it also makes a great way to close the album. 5/5
 B000AA7B4I-696 POSITIVO  If you want the same old i got riches bang bitches and kill anyone who steps to me this cd is not for you. But for something funny and pretty interesting stories with great beats. On top of everything the best lyrically today nobody this day can even get close and nobody even try to say the real pittsburgh steeler Jay-Z.
 B000AA7B4I-697 NEUTRO  I hate to say it, but out of his pre-"Show" albums, the MM LP is his least interesting. Sure, songs like "Criminal", "Who Knew", and "The Real Slim Shady" are strong outings, but a lot of the songs just left me scratching my head. It's a hard album to grade, I would give a 3.5 if I could, but it's not like this album is lacking for praise. Also, this may sound like I'm contradicting my previous statements, but "Stan" is the best song that Eminem has ever written.
 B000AA7B4I-698 NEGATIVO  Imagine a world with wordless lyrics...Impossible? Think again~! Marshall Mathers' rather colorful style has its own place. To attempt to hear what he wants to say but get the message without the swearing...well, that is a little more difficult. From what planet did I just arrive? Duh....Here's me: Oh I like Eminem, but maybe the "clean" CD will have better word choices. Here's reality: Most of the CD is BLEEPED out. Good grief, what WAS I thinking?
 B000AA7B4I-699 POSITIVO  this album is pure gold, you are an eminem fan u gotta have it, you are a hip hop fan, just hear it, you'll become an eminem fan...best tracks:criminalstankill youthe way i amthe real slim shadymarshall mathersreally, this album is hot, entertaining, after all... there is a slim shady in all of us!
 B000AA7B4I-700 POSITIVO  This album has got to be Em's best work.All the tracks are hot. But my favorites have got to be Stan,The Real Slim Shady, Kill You,The Way I Am and Marshall Mathers.Overall, it's a koooo album.
 B000AA7B4I-701 POSITIVO  My review:1- Intro makes you want more2- Great angry song getrs out all the anger inside 10/103- Really good song that makes u wonder about the ubsessed fans out there 10/104- Funny Skit5- Who Knew this would be such a good song 10/106- Anouther funny skit7- A classic - nice angry song definitly a 10/108- Another Classic - Funny song 10/109- One song i didnt really like that much but still gets a 8/1010- He is Back 10/1011- Really touching song 10/1012- Umm13- Ok song not the greatest 8/1014- Real GOod song with Bizarre! 10/1015- Good one esp. with Nate Dogg 10/1016- A Classic - A really angry errrr song 10/1017- Wow this one is really good 10/1018- This is one of the best endings on all the CDs i have, and I have AlotOverall this Classic CD gets a 10/10
 B000AA7B4I-702 POSITIVO  Without a doubt, this is Eminem's best album. He manages not only to be lyrical but has a certain power behind his rhymes that few other rappers can match. Compared to his other albums, this one combines the soulfulness (as soulful as Eminem can be...) of the Eminem Show and the rawness of the Slim Shady LP. It also is slightly more polished than the S.S. LP, but not too much as to take away the edge.It is obvious that this is Eminem's sharpest album, but a few minor annoyances are the skits, which get old very quickly.Otherwise, this is a very well rounded album... a modern rap classic.1.Public Service Announcement 2000: 1/5. Annoying intro. Skip.2.Kill You: 2/5. Misogenic, but good rhymes.3.Stan: 4/5. A good song about a fan who reinacts Eminems lyrics. Slightly creepy but it shows another side of Eminem.4.Paul: 1/5. Pointless skit.5.Who Knew: 3/5. Eminem talks about the reaction to his lyrics. Some interesting points.6.Steve Berman: 1/5. Another pointless skit.7.The Way I Am: 5/5. Excellent. Talks about fame and his frustration with his situation.8. The Real Slim Shady: 4/5. Good club song, but gets annoying after a while.9.Remember Me: 3/5. Good song, if violent. Strong rhymes.10.I'm Back: 3/5. Same as above.11.Marshall Mathers: 5/5. Great song with talking about Biggie & 2pac and pop artists. Even has a guitar solo.12.Ken Kaniff: -3/5: A gay (literally) skit.13. Drug Ballad: 3/5. Designed to be a club banger, comprimising the rhymes.14.Amityville: 3/5. Eminem talks about Detroit. Bizarre does his usual deal.15. B**** Please II: 3/5. Featuring 4 West Coast artists, this track has an enjoyable, if not special, feel and sound.16. Kim: 2/5. Incredibly violent. Eerie beat and hook.17.Under the Influence: 3/5 Clever rhymes, but no substance in the lyrics.18. Criminal: 4/5. Climatic ending. Eminem puts it all down, with incredible rhymes. Goes out with a bang, so to speak.
 B000AA7B4I-703 POSITIVO  anyone who says this isn't a good album, or its 'okay', are either mentally insane or have no concept of what a good hip hop album is, this expresses hip hop in so many ways, I think this is Em's most talented album...its phenomenal...!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-704 POSITIVO  Eminem is the best rapper there is. He is very direct and gets complicated which has never been seen in any other rapper. He's just free-spoken like more people should be. The fact that times changes beats, ideas and rhymes their changed to better though some people really just get tangled up with just one Album and expect the same problems and beats which would be dumb and boring you can't go around having the same situations your whole life. And by the way Vanilla Ice sucks he had his time long ago and only had one hit. so he should get ready to lay in his coffin and shut the hell up though he's not dead yet, he is dead to the music world. My favorite songs would include Stan, The Way I am, I'm Back, Marshall Mathers, Drug Ballad and Criminal. Obviously my main 2 are Marshall Mathers and The Way I Am.2. Kill You (Pretty Funny, and unique)3. Stan (Great song with contradictions, like Guilty C.)5. Who Knew (yes, who would of known)6. Steve Berman (Skit) (extremely funny, never heard any other skit as funny as this one)7. The Way I Am (great song and very straight forward)8. The Real Slim Shady (funny and energetic)9. Remember Me (good to go around threatening people but still a good song)10. I'm Back (just funny)11. Marshall Mathers (love it, for it's honesty and how circumstances are the ones that change, not the people)13. Drug Ballad (good to listen to in a club)15. Bitch Please II (good set of rhymes)16. Kim (very strange but good lyrics with contradictions again)18. Criminal (very funny)This album was very listened to when I was in 10th grade and I still hear people play it and I still do so sometimes as well. I wouldn't really tell you to go out and buy it cuz in reality you should been have it.
 B000AA7B4I-705 POSITIVO  &quot;If u don't like it u can suck his f$%king c#$k&quot; how much simpiler does it get! this is an awsome Cd, some say Eminem is just crazy and that he's pollutting the minds of the youth, well if U listen to his lyrics and take eveything seriously u won't like this u'll think it's crap, U gotta kno when he's joking and when he's being serious. if u can't uve got problems
 B000AA7B4I-706 POSITIVO  the whole cd is AWESOME!!!!the only song i dont like is 'Remember Me'this cd is by far his best!!!
 B000AA7B4I-707 POSITIVO  Gosh Marshall Mathers is TRUTH, his whole album tells listeners that he is disgusted with the world around him. He expresses the pains he that he had went through before he became a star. He really tells listeners how how viscious and animalistic mankind is. You got to hand it to Mathers, you will never hear such a real person cursing out so many celebraties and family members .He isn't just some Will Smith wanna be who raps about a paradise that doesn't exist he talks about hatred and how people really get along in this physical world. So those who don't like this album are people who don't like to hear the truth, because that is what the album focuses on Realism. (keep that in mind).....Until next time...peace
 B000AA7B4I-708 POSITIVO  This is a great CD if you like Marshall Mathers, Slim Shady. I bought it for my teenage son, and my husband also listens to it.
 B000AA7B4I-709 POSITIVO  This is easily my favorite Eminem cd. He brought great lyricism to the table, along with excellant production. And besides who doesnt get their adrenaline pumping when they hear "KIM". Then you got classic sounding Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg on "Bitch Please II", which makes this cd an instant classic. Great job Em.
 B000AA7B4I-710 POSITIVO  This is a crazy cd, its mostly what got me into rap.best songs:stan, who knew, the way i am, marshall mathers, bitch please 2, criminal
 B000AA7B4I-711 POSITIVO  5 years later and I'm still adicted this one is a classic, and one of the best in rap.
 B000AA7B4I-712 POSITIVO  Miss Lizz Mendez Berry, the person who wrote the "official Amazon review" of this album is an idiot. I do not understand why the reviewer's political opinion is being included in the reviews of an artist's personal statement. If every one was politically correct, then we would all be exactly the same; clones of our money-run government, who can't think for ourselves. While I, personally, am not a fan of rap music, and while I certainly do not agree with racism or homophobic bigotry, I respect Eminem for speaking his mind, and making a brutally honest piece of art, no matter what everyone else thinks. If no one spoke what they thought, even if it wasn't politically correct, then guess what? We would still have slavery, and everything else that was changed when some one finally decided to speak their mind.So to put it short; if you are expecting some mindless tool singing about a bunch of crap that will not make you think or feel, (God forbid you are offended!) then spend your money on some thing else. But if you want the exact opposite, then this is good album for you.
 B000AA7B4I-713 POSITIVO  "The Marshall Mathers LP" is undoubtably Eminem's best effort. While "The Slim Shady LP" and "The Eminem Show" are great albums, they cannot match up to the dark humor and catchy songs of "The Marshall Mathers LP." I sincerely believe that there is not one bad song on the album. "The Marshall Mathers LP" is not, however, for the faint of heart, as every song contains multiple F-bombs, drug references, gun violence, etc. For those that can handle that, it only adds to the greatness of the album, because it offers a startling glimpse inside the artist's head that you don't get with all the other tired "gangsta rap" crap that is out there.Song reviews:1. Public Service Announcement 2000 - It's a skit.2. Kill You - Funny, but the raps in the middle are not quite as catchy as many of the other songs on the album. The hook is great. If you don't agree with me, I "will f!%#ing kill you!" (Rating: 8.5/10)3. Stan - It can drag on slightly, but the story is great. I think its one of the most creative and well written songs that Em has ever done. (Rating: 9/10)4. Paul (Skit) - Another skit.5. Who Knew - The lyrics are very creative, and the first verse is especially cathcy. (Rating: 9.5/10)6. Steve Berman (Skit) - Another skit, showcasing the fact that Steve Berman is a dumb@$$ who does not want to make money.7. The Way I Am - It can get a little tiring, but the rant against everybody is a solid song. Not as good as some of the others though. (Rating 8/10)8. The Real Slim Shady - This is one of the weaker songs on the album. The lyrics are not as offensive as the rest of the album, which makes me not like it as much. Lol (it's true though). (Rating: 6/10)9. Remember Me? - The first two verses are crap, but Em's verse is very good. Hmm... maybe I should try not saying "f!#%ing" for six minutes... NAH! (Rating: 6/10)10. I'm Back - Great SONG!! I love it. It's catchy and the lyrics are great. I especially love the Columbine part, although part of it is censored!! [The censored part is: "I take seven kids from Columbine, stand 'em all in line") Well, I will take seven kids from Columbine and bash their freakin' heads out! Censor that, Interscope! (Rating: 10/10)11. Marshall Mathers - Apparently Em doesn't like homosexuals. Kind of a sucky song.. but he does like to kill gays. (Rating: 4/10)12. Ken Kaniff (Skit) - This is the most F'ed up song (skit actually) that I've ever heard. Unless you like gay porn... you should skip it. (Rating: -895/10)13. Drug Ballad - Another mediocre song, I don't like the dance song beat. (Rating: 5/10)14. Amityville - I like the angry murder fantasies, but the song's sound can be abrasive at times. (Rating: 7/10)15. B!#@h Please II - Great beat. Great raps, although the end of Em's falls a bit flat. Overall, a very good song with a very cathcy hook. (Rating: 9.5/10)16. Kim - The hook is good, but the so-called verses suck. Yeah, I'd like to violently murder some people too, but I'd make a better rap about it. The violence is cool though. P.S.: Interscope needs the stop censoring stuff.. so what if a six-year-old got his throat cut. (Rating: 4/10)17. Under the Influence: A very good song, everyone's raps are good. (Rating: 10/10)18. Criminal: The last verse of this song is the best part of any Eminem song ever. I dare you to listen to this song without rewinding that part like six times. (Rating: 10/10)GREAT ALBUM!THIS IS WHAT THIS WOULD LOOK LIKE ON THE EDITED VERSION"The Marshall Mathers LP" is undoubtably Eminem's best effort. While "The Slim Shady LP" and "The Eminem Show" are great albums, they cannot match up to the dark humor and catchy songs of "The Marshall Mathers LP." I sincerely believe that there is not one bad song on the album. "The Marshall Mathers LP" is not, however, for the faint of heart, as every song contains multiple F-bombs, **** references, *** violence, etc. For those that can handle that, it only adds to the greatness of the album, because it offers a startling glimpse inside the artist's head that you don't get with all the other tired "gangsta rap" crap that is out there.Song reviews:1. Public Service Announcement 2000 - It's a skit.2. **** You - Funny, but the raps in the middle are not quite as catchy as many of the other songs on the album. The hook is great. If you don't agree with me, I "will f!%#ing **** you!" (Rating: 8.5/10)3. Stan - It can drag on slightly, but the story is great. I think its one of the most creative and well written songs that Em has ever done. (Rating: 9/10)4. Paul (Skit) - Another skit.5. Who Knew - The lyrics are very creative, and the first verse is especially cathcy. (Rating: 9.5/10)6. Steve Berman (Skit) - Another skit, showcasing the fact that Steve Berman is a dumb@$$ who does not want to make money.7. The Way I Am - It can get a little tiring, but the rant against everybody is a solid song. Not as good as some of the others though. (Rating 8/10)8. The Real Slim Shady - This is one of the weaker songs on the album. The lyrics are not as offensive as the rest of the album, which makes me not like it as much. Lol (it's true though). (Rating: 6/10)9. Remember Me? - The first two verses are crap, but Em's verse is very good. Hmm... maybe I should try not saying "f!#%ing" for six minutes... NAH! (Rating: 6/10)10. I'm Back - Great SONG!! I love it. It's catchy and the lyrics are great. I especially love the Columbine part, although part of it is censored!! [The censored part is: "I take seven kids from Columbine, stand 'em all in line") Well, I will take seven kids from Columbine and **** their freakin' heads out! Censor that, Interscope! (Rating: 10/10)11. Marshall Mathers - Apparently Em doesn't like homosexuals. Kind of a sucky song.. but he does like to **** gays. (Rating: 4/10)12. Ken Kaniff (Skit) - This is the most F'ed up song (skit actually) that I've ever heard. Unless you like gay porn... you should skip it. (Rating: -895/10)13. Drug Ballad - Another mediocre song, I don't like the dance song beat. (Rating: 5/10)14. Amityville - I like the angry ****** fantasies, but the song's sound can be abrasive at times. (Rating: 7/10)15. B!#@h Please II - Great beat. Great raps, although the end of Em's falls a bit flat. Overall, a very good song with a very cathcy hook. (Rating: 9.5/10)16. Kim - The hook is good, but the so-called verses suck. Yeah, I'd like to violently ****** some people too, but I'd make a better rap about it. The violence is cool though. P.S.: Interscope needs the stop censoring stuff.. so what if a six-year-old got his throat ***. (Rating: 4/10)17. Under the Influence: A very good song, everyone's raps are good. (Rating: 10/10)18. Criminal: The last verse of this song is the best part of any Eminem song ever. I dare you to listen to this song without rewinding that part like six times. (Rating: 10/10)GREAT ALBUM!
 B000AA7B4I-714 POSITIVO  I was surprised it was clean and no swear words. Didn't ruin the CD because of it.
 B000AA7B4I-715 POSITIVO  Well then, you may have noticed that eminem is white and more importantly why should it matter, eminem is a dope lyricist that is given hot beats from dr dre and himself, if the album sounds good and has alot of thought put into the lyrics it shouldn't matter what colour his skin is. This is a really good album with good guest apearances from d12, snoop dogg, xzibit, dr dre, rbx and sticky fingaz and i highly reccommend this album
 B000AA7B4I-716 POSITIVO  The second album in the Slim Shady collection is an awesome album and definately one of the best of all time.Standard Eminem PSA. Starts of with "Kill You" a sick song in the end wich he apologizes to all women and says he was just kidding, with clever lyrics and a good chorus it's an okay opener. The next song features Dido doing the chorus and Eminem kicks 4 great verses. He talks about "Stan" a crazy Eminem fan writing letters to Eminem. Excellent track with this one. "Paul" (nothing new here), is another skit. "Who Knew" is a great track. Eminem kicks some great lyrics and a good beat for this one make this album great so far. "Steve Berman" kind of funny.The next two tracks are 2 of Eminems best of all time. "The Way I Am" is an awesome song that Eminem uses to express his anger towoards the media. The next song that I'm sure every has heard is "The Real Slim Shady." He must insult more celebrities in this song than any other. Great chorus and fantastic rhymes make this one of Slim Shady's best. "Remeber Me" is an annoying track that definately dissapoints after the great song's so far. The sick song "I'm Back" has a great beat and some clever lyrics, it makes up for "Remeber Me." The next song has everything that makes Eminem great. Anger, great lyrics, incredible beat. "Marshall Mathers" is one of the best on the album.Another stupid "Ken Kaniff" skit. "Drug Ballad" has some good verses but overall it's not so good. Another anger song "Amityville" comes up a little short too me although most people like it. The next star stunted song "B*tch Please II" features Xhibit, Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg, and Dr. Dre. Slim, Snoop, and Dres verses are great. Nate Dogg does an awesome chorus. Xhibit comes up a little short of the rest on this one.The most controversial track Eminem has ever made "Kim" is next on the album, details him killing her after she cheats on him. This song is a little too much for me. "Under the Influence" (feat. D12) is okay, Kuniva's verse is the best. "Criminal" is a good song but I think he could have done something better for a closer.Overall this album does not come up short. Great tracks all the way through make it very listenable.Favorites(in order):The Real Slim ShadyThe Way I AmMarshall MathersWho KnewStan-Kyle Walker
 B000AA7B4I-717 POSITIVO  This CD is totally better than the first one.It is a very violent album.If I were you I would go out and buy it because it's worth your money.
 B000AA7B4I-718 POSITIVO  Marshall Mathers LP is a great album, like the first one the first released track is not the only good song on it.
 B000AA7B4I-719 POSITIVO  this album is dope! there aint no rapper out there that can compare himself to this magnitude. i havn't even heard anyone top his reigning solitude. and if you can? go ahead and try. but i don't think you can dude.
 B000AA7B4I-720 POSITIVO  This cd is the best cd i've listend to all year. Slim shdey is taking over. Some may say he's just another vanella ice, but thats wack, he's the best white rapper of all time. He says whats on his mind.
 B000AA7B4I-721 POSITIVO  Get ready to laugh and laugh and laugh, remember what Eminem said about dont take the words seriously(Christiana Alga..(whatever), just enjoy the album, it is entertainment. Track 16 is sick BUT IT IS SWEET, FUNNY, AND SHOWS EMINEM AS A GOOD STORY TELLER. Eminem mentions people who represent Detroit but live far out in the Suburbs, keep it real. I live in Southfield and thats why I put Metro Detroit on Where I am From.
 B000AA7B4I-722 POSITIVO  Wow, that is exactly what I said when I heard the Slim Shady LP. However, that album got kinda old after 3 months, since many of his songs had been played out. The Marshall Mathers LP is more and even better than the Slim Shady LP. The Marshall Mathers LP has fewer skits, and more songs, which is better. The CD also has some better lyrics, and less chorus, since in the Slim Shady LP, we saw the chorus to a song being the majority of the song. Eminem's lyrics make you think more this time, and they also make you laugh. What makes Em so appealing is the fact that his fans can feel him when he writes. The beats this time are more diverse, but a little improvement. The replay on this album is MUCH higher than the Slim Shady LP. And this time around, we also got some Guest stars! In the Marshall Mathers LP, Eminem holds nothing back, since so much in his life has led him to anger. His mother sueing him, Christina Aguilera basically calling him a wife beater, and pop music in general. This is a GREAT CD, I think anyone who likes MUSIC in general should get this CD. This CD will attract fans of certain insane-type bands of heavy metal, comedy artist fans, and of course, RAP FANS!
 B000AA7B4I-723 POSITIVO  This new cd by slim shady is tight. The skits are hilarious, the lyrics are clever and harsh, the beats incredible, and em's flow is great. every track has a catchy hook, and i like how the majority of the tracks feature shady solo. however, the track that features dre, snoop, nate dogg and exibit is incredible as well. eminem improves with his second release, and everyone should pick this cd up.
 B000AA7B4I-724 POSITIVO  I recommend this cd to those who liked the first, but not to those who didn't dig him the first time around and we waiting for a second swing at bat. Where the first album felt disjointed, this one it totally cohesive and the production, rhyme schemes and sensiblity are just mah-velous. A couple of songs are very Psycho (Kim comes to mind) but Eminem fans would love it.
 B000AA7B4I-725 POSITIVO  This album lives up to my high expectations and then some. I listened to the entire album and I'm not sure if I can do anything else until I listen to it a few more times. If you liked The Slim Shady LP, then you are denying yourself a great album by passing this up. Also, Eminem totally got back at the Insane Clown Posse with one of his tracks, I don't see how they thought they could insult Eminem and get away with it!
 B000AA7B4I-726 POSITIVO  One of the most controversial CDs of the last ten years, `The Marshall Mathers LP' is Eminem's sophmore release with Aftermath Music. Love him or hate him, you can't deny that this guy is one of the best lyrcists of all time. His rhyme schemes and structures are so advanced that even Rakim is probably pressing the rewind button to hear what he says again. This is a direct response to the criticism to the (not so controversial in my opinion) `The Slim Shady LP' that labeled Eminem as a hate monger, a mysogonist, and a homophobe. He fully embraces the persona with the aid of his alter-ego Slim Shady and takes it farther than any of his detractors could have imagined, brilliantly. This is one of the best `f*** you' records out there and is truly artful if you look at it right. The production is average, the lyricism is amazing, and almost every track (except `Under the Influence' which features D12) is good. Em's best work to date which he probably will never top.(4.5/5 mics)
 B000AA7B4I-727 POSITIVO  This album is a masterpiece. Every single track on this album is amazing. His lyrics are untouchable. I am a hard guy to impress, but this album blew me away.
 B000AA7B4I-728 POSITIVO  I absolutely despise anything rap. This is probably the only rap CD I ever liked, and probably will ever like. I don't know why I like it, but I do. It's good, so SCREW YOU! Just buy it!
 B000AA7B4I-729 POSITIVO  This cd was even better than the last one. I think that the way that he says things are great! He actually says the way people are thinking. He is just brave enough to say it out loud. All of the songs have a great sound and good lyrics. You all need to listen to it and keep in mind that he is just taking out anger in a way that is not harmfull to others! Well that sounds cheesy but hey... :)
 B000AA7B4I-730 POSITIVO  ...You must not have heard it yet. Some eminem haters may be offended by eminem's violent emotional bloodbath of explicit lyrics and/or turned off by his seemingly &quot;negative&quot; attitude, but it's hard to deny the sheer passion and raw emotion deeply woven into his music. With seismic bass and gripping hooks enjoyed everywhere from boom boxes on the doorsteps of urban streets to shiny new hi-fi's in cozy suburbia, this album speaks to the masses. Anyone who has ever felt angry/frustrated/depressed/violent but couldn't find a satisfying expression for their emotion should listen to this album. Otherwise, just listen because the album is so darn good.
 B000AA7B4I-731 POSITIVO  My favorit CD ever this isnt a CD to gather up the family and lisen to it during dinner but it is great for party's and just lisening to it where ever.
 B000AA7B4I-732 POSITIVO  hey whaz up? this CD is so tight!!! you got to get it!! I dont care what anyone else says about it! and I hate anyone that dosent like Eminem!!! this CD is realy cool and so are all of the others so you got to get all of them!!!!!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-733 NEUTRO  I am a fan of Eminem, Dre, Snoop and the whole family, but I have to say I'm not impressed with this release. There are a few songs on here that are what was expected like the Real Slim Shady and Drug Ballard, but overall the beats are dull. The lyrics are what we have come to expect and like, dirty and derogatory, but he doesn't have the beats to accompany them. I'm not upset with the purchase, but wouldn't recommend it. Borrow a friends. This is not a good follow-up to his previous outstanding release.
 B000AA7B4I-734 POSITIVO  ok. i am going to start off saying that this cd will probably offend 99% of the people on the face of this planet at some point. but that aside, if you just sit down and listen to the entire thing, you will realize that: 1)Eminem is incredibly talented and probably the best rapper alive today, and 2)that the lyrics are NOT TO BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. on one song he says &quot;half of this stuff i just make up, to make you mad&quot;, but people are still too sensitive to realize that it is not meant to be a guidebook for living your life, it does what it is supposed to, and that is be an awesome cd with incredible rhymes and more emotion than anything a boy band or even half of the real bands out there have ever done. yeah, KIM is about killing his wife, but it's not like it is glorifying it. it is a really sad, angry song about someone who was betrayed by the person that they loved. is it offensive? yeah, probably to most people. does that change the fact that it is a great song on one of the best cds i have ever heard? definitely not. this song is an emotionally charged masterpiece, and everyone should at least give it a chance. listen to it once, and see if you don't agree with me.
 B000AA7B4I-735 POSITIVO  This is da best hip hop CD ever. Eminem comes out with killa tracks &quot;crimmal&quot; &quot;kim&quot; &quot;I'm back&quot; and more. He is the second best rapper there ever was Easy E is da best RIP ... . Eminem talks about real stuff stuff that people From the inner city like I was can relate too. Even though the vaulgar languge he is spelling the problems of the streets.
 B000AA7B4I-736 POSITIVO  Eminem has come out with the greatest album in the history of music. Where his anger comes from I have no clue, but it's what makes this album what it is...he makes me think that multi-platinum artists got it bad. Keep it up man!
 B000AA7B4I-737 NEGATIVO  When the song was out, I really liked the sound of &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; and so I made my decision to buy the entire album on this one track. My mistake. The problem for me was that this just was not my style of music, harder white-boy rap. If you are in to rap you might enjoy this album, but if you are buying it just for the afore-mentioned track... try and find the single or buy some sort of compilation with the song on it.
 B000AA7B4I-738 POSITIVO  There is no way to really tell you if you will like this album or not. Everyone likes to blame everything on Eminem and Marilyn Manson because their albums are the way they are, but I believe they have every right to say whatever they want to say. My only advice for you is to listen to the album and not let others tell you if you should like it or not.
 B000AA7B4I-739 POSITIVO  i have always been an eminem fan, but i just recently got the cd. this dude is totaly awesome! now, i like a mix of music, from staind and disturbed to dr.dre and nelly. but eminem has to be the ultimate rapper. and u know what? HE A HOTTIE TOO! so buy this cd today, cuz its a pile of junk that u gonna love
 B000AA7B4I-740 POSITIVO  Eminem Returns and his sophomore effort is just as good as his debut, if better. The new albums contains so many great songs including &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, the emotional &quot;Stan&quot;, &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot;, and much much more! Shady is on top of his game right now......Don't fall off slim, keep it coming and keep the hits going.
 B000AA7B4I-741 POSITIVO  This was a good album.I liked EMINEM underground more though. He seemed more focused on the music, not the money.The only good songs on the album were,&quot;Stan&quot;,&quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;,Marshal Mathers&quot;,and &quot;Criminal&quot;. All the other songs he didn't seem focused on.As I said before, this album was INDEED very good.The songs such as &quot;Drug Ballad&quot;,and &quot;B**ch Please Part 2&quot; were halfway decent in my view.So I advise you to buy this album.That's all you're gettin from me! Or is it.......
 B000AA7B4I-742 POSITIVO  On Eminem's previous release &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; we were introduced to the immature white MC who rapped about what he wanted, when he wanted and didn't give a damn what you or anyone else thought. But when the &quot;Marshall Mathers LP&quot; came out the wolrd was forced to meet a new slim shady, a much darker &amp; more stressed out MC who was more fed up with the world than ever. The only way for him to release this constant stress? On his latest album, for 90% of the songs. This album conatins some of the more serious and angry sounds of &quot;Kill you&quot;, &quot;Stan&quot;, &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, &quot;Remember Me?&quot;, &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;, &quot;Amityville&quot;, and the always controversial &quot;Kim&quot;. Also are songs remniscent of Slim's older days on tracks &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; (Great song, but played out), &quot;I'm back&quot;, &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; &amp; &quot;Under the influence&quot;. Great album, or as my friend Zepplin21 put it &quot;A dark, noir classic&quot;.
 B000AA7B4I-743 POSITIVO  this cd is the best cd EVER!! its so great!! id pay ... for it!
 B000AA7B4I-744 POSITIVO  Eminem's Marshall Mathers LP is a great buy. From the Slim Shady LP, Eminem has gotten a lot better. Although he may be offensive to some, I don't find him offensive at all. His lyrics and talents truly shine in this LP- It's a must-have for Eminem fans.
 B000AA7B4I-745 NEUTRO  You gotta love it. . .Eminem actually rhymes about things that are important in today's society. The lyrics seem thought out and well placed. Better yet, I was able to actually understand what he was saying when he rapped. The message came across very clearly. Only a couple bad points. All in all it's a good Cd, but it could use some more A-class songs.
 B000AA7B4I-746 POSITIVO  Oops! he did it again. Once again Mr. Slim was able to crack another joke about his momma, and other family members, For a great laugh buy this CD, it also features great beats, cool treats! For anyone intrested that has HUMOR, and a funny bone, if not you might not like this.
 B000AA7B4I-747 POSITIVO  I bought this immediately because I enjoyed The Real Slim Shady, and one of my local radio stations gave a sneak preview at the song Stan. I was very impressed, and bought the album. Eminem is definately pretty smart. Like Marilyn Manson, I believe he is going for shock value here. Stan is brilliant, and using the parts from Dido's song Thank You makes it sound sophisticated. The Real Slim Shady was appropriate enough to get on mainstream radio, and The Way I Am is on the better side. But then he gets downright nasty with songs like Kill You and the horrible Kim. These songs are so hateful and just plain disturbing that they shouldn't have been recorded. Also the anti-women and anti-gay views he has in some of his songs are, in my opinion, very cruel. Criminal is a pretty strong track, and some think it's pretty humorous. Marshall Mathers is a sophisticated version of The Real Slim Shady in which he discusses his views on various points, and it works very well. I think this is overall a good album (Except for the two previously mentioned tracks and some of the interludes) and Eminem will definately stay in the record business for a bit longer. Oh yeah, and fans of his first album may be a bit angered at this one, as his views have changed from being the one beat-up to being the one beating-up. Vice versa, if you hated his first album, then maybe you'll like this one.
 B000AA7B4I-748 POSITIVO  I didnt know what to expect when i bought this cd but i dont regret my purchase one bit. after &quot;the real slim shady&quot; there a still many good tracks where em shows his talents with words. just dont actually take anything he says seriously.
 B000AA7B4I-749 POSITIVO  This was a great CD For Youger teens if their parents do not let you listen to swear words!
 B000AA7B4I-750 POSITIVO  Ok, now people are all up in his face sayin' &quot;Ohh, your a terrible rapper-&quot; Keep it up. Seriously. His music is so pumped up, and awsome, that some people just can't take it. I watched him on the VMA'S (Video Music Awards) last night, and I heard his speech after the 3rd award he won. And at the end he said, &quot;Oh, and every time a reletive sues, or a critic says bad stuff about me- More records sell. So i'd like to thank them.&quot; Keep it up people, keep it up.
 B000AA7B4I-751 POSITIVO  That is all I can say. This album is by far the greatest rap album ever released. I was blown away. Lyrically this album is as strong as anything, if you can get past the swears and mental images conjured up by the lyrics which are as raw and uncut as anything Wu-Tang ever did you actually get a message in the songs. He raps about how parents are to blame for violent children not him. He raps about obsessive fans, how now everybody wants a piece of his fame, and how musically untalented Britney Spears and N'Sync are. The beats are unbelieveable and all I can really say is buy it now. It is definetly worth it.
 B000AA7B4I-752 POSITIVO  EVEN BETTER THAN THE SLIM SHADY LP IF U CAN BELIEVE THAT. BEST CUT OFF THE NEW ALBUM...STAN. INTENSE, SMART, AND GREAT BACKGROUND VOCALS. THIS CD IS DEFINITELY A MUST-BUY...SO GO GET IT...RIGHT NOW...GO...RUN...WHAT ARE U WAITING FOR...GET UP OUT OF YOUR CHAIR AND GO!
 B000AA7B4I-753 POSITIVO  Absolutely wonderful follow-up to the Slim Shady LP. The lyrics have, if anything, gotten more hardcore. He takes shots at everyone (e.g. Christina, Britney, *N Sync, Jennifer Lopez, Puffy). I'd recommend it to everyone who is an eminem fan, its great.
 B000AA7B4I-754 POSITIVO  Eminem is one cool white boy poet among rappers! Over the past few years, I've been avoiding these 'in your face','woman hater',nasty rapper boys and their songs. I'd heard the stock stuff that's been the popular rap fare on the radio, and saw my 'innocent' young boys (my sons, age 12 and 10) rocking to it, intoning the lyrics along with the nasty boy on the air at that moment: "shut up b...ch', 'I'm gonna slap you, h.!', etc. blah blah blah. I would inwardly frown, and try to keep my 'wet blanket' hostile attitude to myself! After all, I fancied myself a 'modern' Mom, who'd let her boys decide for themselves what music they like. I wasn't afraid it would 'turn them into' angry girl-haters or street thugs. I knew, and still believe, that, when they see a Mom who respects their freedom to hear whatever they like (ok, with a few lines in the sand, when they go totally overboard), and come to the best decison about women, violence, rebellion, and all!The key turning point, that made me decide to tune into Eminem, and see whether he actually has something good to offer with his stuff, that maybe, just maybe, has passion, soul, and POWER,(as any song that's heavy on sex and violence inevitably MUST also have, or else it becomes truly just angry junk food music), was my viewing of the movie "Scary Movie 3". Specifically, when I saw the white 'farm boy' rapper, who my boys told me was actually a parody of EMINEM, do his priceless 'rap' contest performance, then, I thought....This is totally cool! Let's buy an Eminem CD, and check out the boy!Well, it only took one spin of Tracks 1,2, and 3,(and one or two later tracks, with a twist on the same themes as the first 3 songs), with their amazing powerful tongue-in-cheek, SLAMMINGLY effective, simultaneous parody of self (Mr. Slim Shady),and the 'ladies' (girlfriend, husband-blaming, wallowing in victimhood, mother, who he wants to 'f..', or bossy ladies on the warpath, or music executives who want to 'silence' his music's soul, cause it's too full of anger at their greed and jaded materialism, and so tell him in bored, whiny voices to try to write stuff that 'sells'), to fall in love with this POET EXTRAORDINAIRE, and his lyrics, which do some heavy duty spittin' on ladies (and men), but also can end with a softly spoken, sweet "I'm just foolin' ladies! You know I love you". I knew at once that this young man moved me, and that he spoke to me as well as to the boys groovin' to his beat and his poetic honest, no b.s., lyrics!THIS IS ONE GENIUS THAT SHOWS WHAT RAP AT ITS BEST CAN BE, AND I AM HOOKED. I do laugh and shake my head, and cringe at times, when EMINEM spits out one or another line about his g.f. tied up in the trunk! But I also can't help but privately rock myself, and 'rap' with him, and say, keep on rocking Mr. Slim Shady...You got a soul, and you keep on sharing it with your generation, mine, and my kids' !!
 B000AA7B4I-755 NEGATIVO  I got the edited one because my mom won't let me get the dirty one. The dirty one is way better because you can't hear anything on the edited one.1. PSA 2000: they cut this song out2. Kill You: This is a great example on how horrible edited cd's are. About every 2 seconds somthing is bleeped out and it scews up the song. 1/53. Stan: This is a great song. 5/54. skit5. who knew: can't hear anything6. skit7. Way i am: Best song ever. 5/58. Real Slim Shady: HOrrible 2/59. horrlible 2/510. good 3/511. horible 2/512. This is so [inappropriate].13. funny 4/514. horrible 2/515 bad 2/516. They changed this song to a south park song. funny 4/517. great song 6/518. great song 4/5BUY THE DIRTY ONE SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO SUFFER LIKE ME
 B000AA7B4I-756 POSITIVO  First off i'd like to say this is one of the best albums ever.The one thing so great about eminem is that he speaks his mind.Now the reviews.PSA 2000-A good openingKill you-A good song but he swears so much u can't really hear anything.Stan-Such a good and true sond.A bit like a storyPaul-U can't say much about a skitWho Knew-Now this is a mad song with catchy rhymesSteve Berman-Again, can't say much about a skitThe Real Slim Shady-A good song but does get boring after a whileRemember me- I think this is the worst song on his albumI'm Back-A real good song with lots of disgusting stuff at the end.Marshall Mathers-Talks about his relationships a good songKen Kaniff-Such A boring skitDrug Ballad-He raps about his love for drugs, good catchy beatAmytiville-Boss song ft Bizarre from D12B**** Please II-Eminem's own version of the songThe Kids-I don't like this that much but u mightUnder The Influence-This track is tight and probably the best.Criminal-His last song on the album and is a great one, no doubt about it.I used to be allowed to listen to Eminem before my dad read the lyrics and the explicit is far better but don't be dissappointed in this clean one. PS. Bad editing. The Eminem show has better editing!
 B000AA7B4I-757 POSITIVO  This dude is one crazy [fellow], I tell you. An excellentlyricist with questionable content, Em delievers on this albutm.Great skits (something rarely seen these days), engaging lyrics and a real chill factor - u feel marshall and his twisted mind. Although I really believe that half of what he says is just for the controversy (and controversy sells), eminem is a tight mc who can do things on many different styles. The CD lacked a bit of variety in content and the beats could have been better in some songs (but they kicked ass in other tracks like Stan) but the fact that eminem has such an amazing ability to put lyrics together (and in a way a bit different from other rappers), he definently deserves five stars. Everybody has got to check the track &quot;Stan&quot; - it is off the hooks
 B000AA7B4I-758 POSITIVO  Yes he his controversial. He says things that in some cases are true and in the process offends alot of people. But you must admit Marshall Mathers AKA Eminem is one very talented individual. His lyrics are quite true in most cases and he knows that. The way Eminem intricately laces his lyrics together and ryhmes them is simply outstanding. The Marshall Mathers LP is a great CD even though to some it may be offensive but the music is different and it can be said that the album is a much needed shot in the arm for the Rap/HipHop industry. Now lets look at the songs:Kill You: A song with a hard beat. Very R&amp;B ish. Has some funny parts.Stan: The best song on the album. This song on its own is a masterpeice. The first time you hear it you will be astonished. Nothing offensive in this. Beofre this song I never knew a song could tell a story in such away. Haunting chorus. MASTERPIECE!!Who Knew: Excellent song with a great beat. It talks about the sudden fame gained by Eminem.The Way I Am: Great song with nice piano beat. About Eminem himself and the misunderstanding public.The Real Slim Shady: Destined to be a classic. VERY VERY FUNNY. Once you hear this will hypnotize you. Excellent song, chorus and outstanding lyrics. :-)Remember Me: Hard song probably the weakest on the album.I'm Back: About Slim Shady. Wonderful chorus. The lyrics are very funny too.Marshall Mathers: The name says it all.Drug Ballad: Wonderful beat and one of the best chorus's I have ever heard. About what drugs do to you and how you cant let em go.Amytiville: The name says it all.Bitch Please: Excellent beat and chorus. The beat is unforgettable.Kim: Haunting song. SCARY!!!Under The Influence: Great song which my offend some people. But the humour stands out.Criminal: Good song about the misunderstandings encountered by Eminem.Overall a great album. Nice change from the current music we hear. No wonder EMINEM got 4 Grammy nominations. ALBUM OF THE YEAR MATERIAL!!
 B000AA7B4I-759 POSITIVO  it all started out as The Real Slim Shady being the song that i bought the album for then i realized some awesome songs on it like Stan, Kim, and criminal and now im hooked and cant stop listening. True that Eminem is not the most talented person on earth and his music even though it is mostly negative cooments just makes me so happy inside just screaming out the songs in the car or whatever getting all that anger out. It feels great and the CD is a great one and anyone that loves to scream their lungs out around the house or in the car.you will love this one I SWEAR. :)
 B000AA7B4I-760 POSITIVO  eminem is the best rapper since rap was made. eminem sings about what he feels like,thats what makes him so original. the real slim shady and the way i am are way beyond good! To me emeinem makes snoop dog, dr. dra, jay-z, and 2pac seem like last years news my advise is to bye the cd and see how good it is your self- Joseph A. Novak
 B000AA7B4I-761 POSITIVO  One of the best rappers out today. He is not traditional rap and takes it in a new way. Perverted, hatred and filled with alot of adolescent ways of thinking, but that is okay. That is the flow of his rhymes. I agree with alot of what he has to say about it being the parents fault (to an extent) for not raising their children right. He is in a realm all his own when it comes to rap, one that has never been before. Not gangster, but dark and humorous, talking his mind.However, this cd contracts from his first CD. It is more concentrated hate and less of the humor that I like. In this CD he is too worried about his own hates and worries. It has it pluses though. He is his own brand. Just like Kid Rock who has his own blend of rock and rap. Eminem's blend is new, fresh and if you can get past the dark nature he is, then you will enjoy this CD as I did. However, it is not like his first CD and in some ways was not as good.
 B000AA7B4I-762 POSITIVO  THIS IS THE BEST CD EVER! I JUST HAD TO GET IT AFTER MY COUSINS FRIEND WAS LISTING TO IT I WENT OUT AND BOUGHT IT THE NEXT DAY! NE ONE WHO BUYS THIS AWESOME CD WILL BE HAPPY! I LOVE SONG NUMBER 16 IT IS LIKE THE BEST EVER! HEY YALL BETTER BUY THIS CD CUZ IT ROCKZ! PEACE OUT EVERYONE!
 B000AA7B4I-763 POSITIVO  the cd is cool, my favorite song is the real slim shady, anyone who gets this cd, is gonna be happy
 B000AA7B4I-764 POSITIVO  This is probably 1 of the bestest rap CD outta here! This is a gotta get CD for sure! Sure, he cuzz alot in this CD, but I mean c'mon, what's the fun if there ain't no cuzz in it? This is actually a very emotional CD, EminEm raps his whole life, and you can probably relate to it. Some songs are actually pretty sadistic, some songs totally crack ya up! My favorite songs are: Stan, The Real Slim Shady, I'm back and Under The Influence. Anyways, 1 word for this CD: Gotta Get It!--*EminEm Fan*--
 B000AA7B4I-765 POSITIVO  It might be a little harsh, loaded with profanity, but it just all comes togeter to be a great album. The best song has to be Stan although Kim is pretty good aswell although this last one might be a little harsh... Just buy this album, you'll love it if you can handle a &quot;little profanity&quot;...
 B000AA7B4I-766 POSITIVO  Eminem shows the world his talent, he is able to express hisfeeling in his lyrics without affending anyone except for Britney,Christina...everyone should go out and buy it... HEY ITS A BLOODY AMAZING ALBUM
 B000AA7B4I-767 POSITIVO  I just got eminems new cd.I love it.The best songs are kill you, stan, kim, and marshall mathers.Also the real slim shady is very good to. You have to get this cd it is the best
 B000AA7B4I-768 POSITIVO  Not as good as the first CD, but a must-have for any SLIM SHADY fan. I bought my copy and I LOVE IT...
 B000AA7B4I-769 POSITIVO  DAMN...when I thought about the CD before I bought it, I thought that it wouldn't be as good as the Slim Shady LP. So, I was sceptical before buying this. Then I popped it into my CD player after I bought it and I was blown away from the first track...it's funny as hell. And the first actual song...Kill You...DAMN! It was sweet as hell! Then you have the best conceptual song ever and probably the best song Eminem has ever done...Stan. You just feel for Stan and how Eminem is sorry for not writting to him earlier. Then there are songs like The Way I Am, I'm Back, Marshall Mathers, Kim, and Criminal that are great. The rest of the songs are good, but the worst song on the CD is Remember Me...it sounds so bad.This is probably going to earn yet another Grammy on Eminem's shelf next year...even though he doesn't give a damn about a grammy!
 B000AA7B4I-770 POSITIVO  This is most likely to be the best rap cd on the face of the Earth! Just don't let your kids get a hold of it.Sure it has it's bad mouth but didn't all of the Eminem's fans expect that , c'mon man , if you heard the stuff that he sings on this album , believe me , you would probualy go to a store at 4:00 in the morning to pick yourself up a copy!
 B000AA7B4I-771 POSITIVO  I'm older (45), a feminist, and not a rap fan but I love this album. I'm his worst nightmare - a fan who is a soccer mom and about as far removed from the street as you can get. I hope he has a long, fruitful career. If his talent holds out I'd love to hear what he has to say when he's 40. Unlike most of the reviewers here, I don't think &quot;Stan&quot; is the best track... I think &quot;I am&quot; is a masterpiece. In it, his rage is focused on an appropriate target for once and he is a refreshing antidote to the Backstreet Boys. Listening to this album is dangereous... Inside this middle-aged fat woman is a skinny white boy dying to get out. I didn't know I had it in me.
 B000AA7B4I-772 POSITIVO  Im been an Eminem fan for a VERY long. That aside the review that Lizz Mendez Berry wrote on this CD is the most unproffesional review that ive ever seen. Mrs. Berry needs to realize that she is not a pundit, she is a critic. It is not the job of a critic to judge a persons character or personal life. She needs to judge CD's WITHOUT bias.
 B000AA7B4I-773 POSITIVO  this is one of my favorite c.d.s ever. un-edited is better, but this one is also good.1.psa announcement- just silence n/a2.kill you- good song. a little disturbing, but good. 7/103.stan- amazing song. very sad. 10/104.skit- just a skit. waste of space on the album. 1/105.who knew- good song. 7/106.skit- funny! 6/107.the way i am- awesome song. raw eminem, with no co-writers. 10/108.the real slim shady- hysterical and quotable. i make references to this song almost everyday. 10/109.remember me- i would have liked it better if it was just slim. 6/1010.im back- good song, funny. 7/1011.marshall mathers- very nicely done. one of my favorites. 10/1012.ken- eww...1/1013.drug ballad- love this song!! 10/1014.amityville- ok song. 6/1015.b**** please 2- good song, i like nate dogg a lot. 8/1016.the kids- funny!!!!- 7/1017.under the infuence- ok. funny, but not that good. 6/1018.criminal- excellent way to end the album. very good. -10/10this is an excellent c.d. it really annoys parental units, which can be an added bonus. the asian import is the best, and i highly recomend you buy that. holla!
 B000AA7B4I-774 POSITIVO  I must say this is one of da best CDs ever. This CD wuz Eminem's best selling CD ever! Lets Review!:1. Public Service Announcement 20002. Kill You3. Stan. Featuring Dido4. Paul (Skit)5. Who Knew6. Steve Berman7. The Way I Am8. The Real Slim Shady9. Remember Me?> Featuring RBX and Sticky Fingaz10. Im Back11. Marshall Mathers12. Ken Kaniff (Skit)13. Drug Ballad14. Amityville> Featuring Bizzare from D1215. B**** Please II> Featuring Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzbit, Nate Dogg16. The Kids17. Under the Influence> Featuring D1218. Criminal1. Public Service Announcement 2000: Just silence on the Edited CD.2. Kill You: 5/5: Good song, this is a lie though.3. Stan: 5/5: A song about a fan who kills himself over a letter.4. Paul (skit): Just a skit5. Who Knew: 5/5: I LOVE DIS SONG6. Steve Berman (Skit): Another Skit7. The Way I Am: 5/5: EXCELLENT SONG8. The Real Slim Shady: 5/5: The first single, GREAT SONG.9. Remember Me?: 2/5: I dont like it but u might.10. Im Back: 4/5: Good song.11. Marshall Mathers: 5/5: VERY NICELY DONE!12. Ken Kaniff (skit): Just a disgusting skit about Ken13. Drug Ballad: 5/5: I LOVE THIS SONG14. Amityville: 4/5: Good Song15. B**** Please II: 2/5: Dont care dat much16. The Kids*: 5/5: Very HILARIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!17. Under the Influence: 5/5: Great song.18. Criminal: 4/5: Good song*If u have the unedited CD it will have "Kim" on it. Ive heard it be4 its a good song.
 B000AA7B4I-775 POSITIVO  ...Eminem speaks truly from his inspiration, and this is definitely shown in the album. If you've ever listened to hip-hop before you know that much of what is said is done in lyrics which someone who wasn't knowledgeable in the culture wouldn't understand. In a way, this is kind of like a silent censorship of the music. Eminem, however, goes all out. Because of the &quot;nice, white-boy&quot; image that has developed he has become the opposite balance. When an artist becomes this offensive or controversial, it makes it even better in a way. It fulfills the opposite of what we've been fed all of our lives, but also it encompases the idea that singers and other mediums can sometimes say things that we cannot say in real life, and this is a great thing. Personal expression is the first thing we do when you have an idea, and Eminem perfectly captures the idea of fear and anger with crisp rhymes and lyrics that you will be able to relate to on some level, even if a part of you is recoiling at the graphic nature of the lyrics (but remember that all of the 'graphics' were generated by yourself, and not the music). If you read the lyrics of the songs on fan sites, you will also be able to see his talent. Rap songs tend to be very poetic, so the lyrics don't lose as much of what's in the song. I would suggest that you check out some of the lyrics before you buy this CD and see if you like any of them.le, Eminem preaches to his audience that fame is a bunch of bull and he won't be a party to it, no matter how much money or attention his music garners. He begs us listeners to not take his angry innuendo so seriously, but his boy-who-cried-wolf act is not exactly a comprehensible tactic. To sum it up, he's a clear-cut, brutally honest individual who could give a damn if the whole world despised him, so long as his daughter Haley grows up to be a well-adjusted young lady. We praise you for your bravery, Em. Just don't make too many people mad...
 B000AA7B4I-776 POSITIVO  This has to be the best Eminem CD ever. I hate rap, and never curse, but that doesn't mean I don't love this. You see, Em had enough sense to make all the songs distinctive and to appeal to all races and sexes. Even though I'm a rap hater at heart, I can't stop playing this CD, despite it's &quot;bad&quot; influence and the suggestive stuff in every lyric. I think this boy got it goin' on because he's blazing the trails(...), and doing a da- I mean, darned good job!
 B000AA7B4I-777 POSITIVO  This cd is definately very funny. It doesn't rate 5 stars, because some tracks are just not as interesting as others. The best songs are : Stan, Marshall Mathers, I'm back, The Real Slim Shady, and Criminal. You can see why The Real Slim Shady is the only song on MTV and on the radio. It's the only song that isn't too graphic for listeners. The song Kim is totally wild but very well done. The skits are also excellent. I think it is a good buy, but if you are expecting the songs to be anything like The Real Slim Shady then you may be disappointed.
 B000AA7B4I-778 POSITIVO  This album is partially edited. The songs are not recorded over socuss words will be replaced with clean words; the words that areedited out are strong cuss words. Is it me or this album does not contain the 1sttrack-PSA 2000? My CD doesn't. It just plays a few seconds of silenceand then goes on to the 2nd track called &quot;Kill You&quot;. EMINEMDOES NOT ACTUALLY MURDER PEOPLE IN REAL LIFE! If you want proof listento the end of the song. &quot;Stan&quot; feat. Dido, which has avideo, is considered as the best song on the album. It's about anobsessive fan who committed suicide because he thought Eminem didn'tcare about him. The 2nd skit is &quot;Paul&quot;. He just talksabout how Dre gave him the new album and hangs up cause he doesn'twanna talk about it. &quot;I never knew I-I/I never knewI...&quot;Who Knew&quot; is the 6th track. The 3rd skit is&quot;Steve Berman&quot;, Eminem's manager, who is cussing Eminem outbecause he thinks his album is horrible and needs to change it or itwon't come. The next track-&quot;The Way I Am&quot; is a sequel tothat. They play the 2nd half of the skit at the beginning of thevideo. &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; is the song that a lotAnti-Eminem complained about because of the disses. (Listen to the2nd verse). &quot;Remember Me&quot; has an annoying beginning IMO.&quot;I'm Back&quot; is kinda funny cause of Eminem singing and thelil' kids saying &quot;Slim Shady&quot; in the background of hook.Eminem expresses most of his &quot;opnions&quot; in the next song&quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;. The nasty skit is &quot;KenKaniff&quot; who is the biggest ***** on earth, if he's real.&quot;Drug Ballad&quot; is a love song aiight...a song about a lovefor drugs! &quot;Amityville&quot; starts off with a tight beat.&quot;B**** Please II&quot; is a sequel to &quot;B**** Please II&quot;by Snoop Dogg f/Xzibit &amp; Nate Dogg. Eminem's version featuresthem &amp; Dr. Dre. The next track is &quot;The Kids&quot;, itreplaced &quot;Kim&quot; for the clean version of this album. It's afunny South Park (the cartoon) song which has Eminem imitiating thecartoon characters from the cartoon. He does a good job of it too.My favorite &amp; next track is &quot;Under The Influence&quot;featuring Eminem's new group called D-12. The last track is&quot;Criminal&quot;, the beginning of the track is a must-listen-to.LOL! Eminem has issues on this album!
 B000AA7B4I-779 POSITIVO  I think this CD is very creative and I love everything that Eminem makes. The songs are catchy, the beat is phat, and I love it all. He's unique with his own style and I don't think I've heard of another rapper with so much guts to say what he really thinks. If you don't mind swearing and you want an album that you'll want to listen to over and over again, this one is definetly for you! I can't stop playing it, and I'm sure you won't be able to, either! I give it two thumbs up!
 B000AA7B4I-780 POSITIVO  If you are not offended easily and can deal with salty language this is definenty the cd for you!I first just bought the cd for the hit song &quot;the real slim shady&quot; but then i heard other awesome songs, mainly &quot;the way i am&quot; and &quot;i'm back&quot;.Compared to my old cds such as limp bizkit, korn, and the slim shady LP the marshall mathers LP is a WHOLE lot better than them.Other cds i would recomend to buy with the marshall mathers LP are Dr.Dre-Dre 2001, DMX-And then there was X, and Jay-Z, Volume 3...Life and times of S.Carter.According to my opinion slim shadys new cds blows away the compition(except the cds i listed and a few others, which i wont get in to).So if you are deciding to buy this cd, if i were you i would.
 B000AA7B4I-781 NEGATIVO  with the exception of stan ( a truly great song), this album is worthless. The CD is overly offensive and lacks beats. Don't even listen to track 12 or you may feel the sudden urge to vomit. The only thing giving this cd 2 stars is stan, without that, this cd would not be worth reviewing.
 B000AA7B4I-782 NEGATIVO  The album &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; showcases Eminem at the height of his own confusion and internal confliction. A talented rapper with a gift for gab and one-of-a-kind lyricism, it's a shame to see him stooping to repeat shenanigans from his first album. He seems to have realized from his first effort, &quot;Slim Shady,&quot; that degrading other performers will garner attention. With that in mind, he gets much more hostile on this album. He shows himself to be a shallow, self-serving little boy trying so very hard to be a hard-core rapper. Unfortunately, this hard-core rapper has run out of original material.On his song &quot;Stan,&quot; he gives us the best idea of his muddled mindset - he writes to a suicidal fan that his songs are just clowning around, that they're not to be taken seriously and not to be acted upon. This sounds like a heartfelt message if it weren't for the fact that Stan is already dead by the time Eminem is writing him back in the song. What a perfect metaphor for Eminem - willing to rile people up for no reason, and then to state that he has nothing to do with their actions. Don't worry, he was just fooling around.It would be nice if Eminem would grow up and write some music that actually had subject matter other than just self-deprecation and out-and-out libel. It was funny on his first record, but it gets old really quick. He can definitely rap and tell a story. Let's just hope that he finds something worth relating to us next time.
 B000AA7B4I-783 NEUTRO  First off, I have to address something because it really annoys me when people don't have their facts straight: THE SLIM SHADY LP WAS NOT EMINEM'S DEBUT ALBUM! It's a shame more people don't know this, and perhaps if they did, they would also appreciate what a waste of talent Eminem's latest album is.Eminem is a supremely talented MC. However, this has yet to manifest itself in a complete, substantial album. His latest is, to be perfectly blunt, pop crap. The hooks are horrible, and Dr. Dre is simply not the groundbreaking producer he once was. He does still know how to make hits, though, so if you like catchy, meaningless music, pick this up. The current state of Hip Hop makes me want to cry. I don't even feel like writing a more thorough review.
 B000AA7B4I-784 POSITIVO  Killer album.Ironic for me to say that, since I don't listen to rap music. But this will be an exception. Standout cuts arePSA 2000 &amp; Kill You--nice album openerStan--I think we have all heard this one enough to know what it's about.The Way I Am--Slim's way of saying he's a normal human being, too.Marshall Mathers--Tells the truth about those teeny-bopper bands.Criminal--Loved the preacher impersonation &quot;Please Lord this boy needs Jesus&quot;Kim--Not for everybody. Dark and brutal, and also the best track.
 B000AA7B4I-785 POSITIVO  I hate rap music but bought this wanting to know what all the fuss was about.The first listen made me sick to my stomach with fear, the second was intriguing but scary, and gradually I got the jokes and started to understand the pain and anger coming though in the lyrics; and his struggle to express that to people OUT THERE. I'm buying his previous album now, I want to hear more. There aren't many people with the guts to lay it out the way EMINEM does. I advise anyone out there to try this CD if you want to expand your thinking a little. ... In any case, he has a lot to tell us.ou buy it?P, and I don't blame him for that either. So in closing, this album has some of the best songs ( &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; &quot;Kill You&quot; &quot;Marshal Mathers&quot; &quot;Stan&quot;) and skits (&quot;Steve Berman&quot; &quot;Paul&quot; &quot;Ken Kaniff&quot;).nt have any I'M BACK- Yes we recognize thatMARSHALL MATHERS- Must we make fun of what other ppl enjoy? Id just like to point out that whats his face who wrote a previous review was right, you have no friends, cause all you are doing is dissing every single celebrity left and right DRUG BALLAD- The best track on the cd. Something most teens can relate to, I dont need to describe this song, because its all about, well go glance at the title BITCH PLEASE- Talent...Sheer talent. Dr Dre Snoop Dogg and Nate Dogg...whoa...they produce the most explosive tracks...They've been around for a while, and they can really pull a tight beat together KIM- No *shakes head* This isnt psycotic right? I mean he's only discussing homocide of his baby's momma and allowing his daughter to witness. Sure this is normal, aint it? CRIMINAL- Why oh why must he diss the people of different sexual orientations? Its not really earning him many fans at least not from people that are homosexually inclined. And talking about going to psyciatrists...good, we are making an improvment here. He may have just a few issues to work outThe reason why he is triple platinum is because most people either dont listen to the lyrics or they just want to jump on the bandwagon like the rest of them.
 B000AA7B4I-786 POSITIVO  And this is the greatest album of all time. Every song on The Marshall Mathers LP is totally dope. Buy this CD, it is worth it.
 B000AA7B4I-787 POSITIVO  ... You have to know where he's coming from to enjoy this CD. This CD is the best thing since the early days of Gangsta rap. It's really good due mostly to the creativity and passion of Eminem (and great producing by Dr. Dre). I'm not a rap music fan by any means, but two of my favorite albums of all time are "The Marshall Mathers LP" and "Straight Outta Compton". I know great music when I hear it.I love Eminem's style, he's funny. His rhymes are sung with melody, they sound very good and sometimes don't have to rhyme that well. None many of his lines seem rushed into a beat or anything like I hear so often on other rap albums. The most compelling thing about his album is how he relays his feelings and passions in each of his songs. In most songs he sings his lyrics and doesn't preach them, letting his melody align with the clean beats. If it's an angry song, he's shouting his lungs out and you really feel his anger and frustration, albiet usually misplaced in the case of Kim, for example.This album isn't meant to be taken seriously, just enjoyed for the sake of entertainment. Eminem isn't a spokesman, and I think he makes that clear. Buy this album now!... (that is unless you're 12)he other bangers (in my opinion) are &quot;B. Please Part II&quot; , &quot;The Way I Am&quot; (kinda has a 2Pac feel to it) and &quot;Remember Me&quot; with tight cameos from Sticky Fingas and RBX (from the original Chronic). The more traditional hip hop headz will like &quot;B. Please Part II&quot; since it is a continuation of Xzhibit's original banger - and Em's impression of Snoop &quot;Oh, no Big Slim Dawg...&quot; will have jaws dropping.All eyez were on Eminem for 'The Marshall Mathers LP' because he had a tough act to follow after the first album. He also has a wide cross-section of fans to please, which made pleasing the record buying public more difficult. Whether he likes it or not, Eminem is at the center of the controversy surrounding what some consider the possible takeover of hip hop by White artists since he is the most successful of the bunch. But, focusing on the music, I find this to be a good album cuz you can't deny talent, and Eminem has got it.
 B000AA7B4I-788 POSITIVO  This CD is the best album brought forth by Eminem. It has a more real feeling to it. &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; are by far the best two tracks on this CD. I feel if Eminem sticks to this type of rap he will go a long way.
 B000AA7B4I-789 POSITIVO  This CD shows the growth of Eminem as a talanted lyricist. Most artists fail to top their debut alblum, but this sophomore release from Eminem is an exception to that saying. I really enjoy the beats as well as the lyrics..This CD is definitely a must buy.
 B000AA7B4I-790 POSITIVO  When Eminem's first CD, &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; came out, I'll be the first to admit that I didn't give it any attention. I saw Eminem as a comedian trying to be a rapper because of the &quot;My Name Is&quot; video. Once I saw the videos for &quot;Guilty Conscience&quot; and &quot;Role Model&quot;, I realized that Eminem had skills. On Funkmaster Flex and Big Kap's &quot;The Tunnel&quot; CD, Eminem and Dr. Dre had one of the tightest songs on there, &quot;If I Get Locked Up&quot;. What finally got me, were the two songs that Eminem was featured on Dr. Dre's &quot;Chronic 2001&quot;: &quot;What's The Difference&quot; and &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot;. I decided that when &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; came out that I would get it on the first day. Eminem has developed a clever niche in the hip hop game. He has skills, but he finds ways to talk about past misfortunes, his current situation, and today's hottest pop singers all in one verse without missing a beat. The best songs on Eminem's CD are when Dr. Dre and Mel-Man are behind the boards. &quot;Kill You&quot;, &quot;I'm Back&quot;, &quot;Who Knew&quot; and the slammin' &quot;B Please 2&quot; w/Dr. Dre, Snoop, Xzibit &amp; Nate Dogg are all examples of this. Other highlights include &quot;Drug Ballad&quot;, &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;. The stand out track on the CD, however, has to be &quot;Stan&quot; w/Dido. In this song Eminem tells a classic tale of an obsessed fan that is demanding his attention. As each verse goes on you can feel the rage of the fan through Eminem's words. On the fourth and final verse, Eminem tries to straighten Stan out before it's too late. Although, Mr. &quot;Slim Shady&quot; isn't for everybody, this is and will be a classic CD.
 B000AA7B4I-791 POSITIVO  I'm going to be honest, this is one of the best Cd's that has come out in the past five years, but it still has some downfalls. The worst tracks on the album are the ones which features guests on them. Especially the B**ch please II. This song demostrates how bad dre, snoop, nate dogg has fallen off since the days of death row. (Xzibit and Eminem come off good on this song, esp. Em's impression of Snoop) Another downfall is how eminem repeatedly reminds us what his name is. Slim Shady, Marshall Mathers and Eminem get mentioned way too often. The standout songs are Stan, Real Slim Shady, Marshall Mathers and my favorite Kim, A prequel to Bonnie and Clyde. This album may not be as good as his first one, but it still one of the best out there. 100% better than the disapointing Chronic 2000................
 B000AA7B4I-792 POSITIVO  THIS CD IS VERY VERY GOOD. IT CONTAINS: 1 PART DRUGS/ 2 PARTS VIOLENCE. EVERY SONG IS EXCELLENT. IT DOESNT HAVE THE HAPPY, FUNKY BEATS OF SLIM SHADY, EXCEPT REAL SLIM SHADY. SO, IN SHORT, IF YOU LIKE ANY KIND OF RAP, IF YOUR A FAN OF EMINEM, OR IF YOU LIKE CURSE WORDS, BUY THIS CD
 B000AA7B4I-793 POSITIVO  this is a very good cd, the way eminems lyrics flow is near amazing, the only downfall of the cd is the guest appearances. i wanted to hear an entire cd of slim(with the exception of dre, they rock together). other than the poor skills of the other rappers, i love this cd and would definatley recomend it.
 B000AA7B4I-794 POSITIVO  This is perhaps one of Hip Hop's greatest studio accomplishments. Marshall Mathers (Slim Shady) has matured on this album to a new level and has stepped into the &quot;A-list&quot; league of rappers like Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, Jay-Z, and 2Pac.The lyrical content and beats on this album really outshine his first album, so if you were a fan of that one, then don't even hesitate to buy this album. Newbies will love it too. Fans of Hip Hop CANNOT go wrong with what will surely be a rap classic.
 B000AA7B4I-795 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP, may go down as the best CD of the year 00.The production is much tighter, this time around, and his lyrics are as strong , and controversial as ever.The stand out cut, Stan, may be one of the best stories ever told on record, and the cut Who Knew, asks the question, &quot;Why blame me&quot;, to all the parents of dysfunctional children.Em wants the parents to take the time to know their kids,&quot;How much damage can I do with a pen&quot;, Em wonders. This will be a CD people talk about for ages, wether they are Hp Hop fans or not. A must buy!
 B000AA7B4I-796 POSITIVO  From beginning to end, this is one of the best CDs I've heard in a long time. Not for the easily offended folks, of course. Eminem spares no one, no topic too taboo for him. Which, to me, is part of his smart-ass charm. Have we started living in such a PC world that we've forgotten how to laugh at the things around us, forgotten how to laugh at ourselves? I predict Eminem is right when he says there's a little Slim Shady lurking in all of us. Plus, the song &quot;Stan&quot; is a major highlight of many on this impressive album. Don't wait, run out and get this CD!
 B000AA7B4I-797 POSITIVO  I bought this Cd because I thought &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; was a awesome song on MTV's TRL so the first week it was out I bought it I took it home and listened to it from track 1 to track 16 and I couldn't believe my ears it was great. If you are buying this CD for the song &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; then you're going to get a lot more out of it than that trust me every single song is as good or better than &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; actually &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; was one of the bad tracks on the CD. If you listen to this CD straight through it has a story in fact it is pretty hilarious. I hope you enjoy this CD as much as I did thanks for reading my review!!!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-798 POSITIVO  I do....Rap has always hit me as unoriginal and blatantly repetitive. Eminem here has hit a bit of a cord with me however, me...a serious music fan, I was as suprised as anyone. The musical styles hit me as innovative to the genre and lyrics that are harsh and dark. Honestly, I am suprised my many reviewers who complain that the imagery used throughout is too violent and disturbing. Are these not the same people who go out and watch slasher movies at the local Movie-plex? Yes, these songs are violent and very hard to listen to at points, but there are many underlying messages and real pain here. This is not a teen band that sings about sappy true love, this is a man who seems to believe in true hate and pain, and makes not attempt to cater to those who can't relate. NOT for those who cannot get into an R rated movie, as imagery and words can be just as disturbing. Great stuff, my only complaint is too many guest stars, I bought this album to hear Mathers, not his pals.
 B000AA7B4I-799 POSITIVO  This album is a hit cuz' eminem be singin' from the inside the lyrics are from the world around him its jus like lookin' around and singin' bout what you lookin at but thats jus like what eminem is doin' he is singin' bout the stuff around him, those who like rap i recommend this cd to them...
 B000AA7B4I-800 POSITIVO  I LOVE EMINEM! THIS CD IS GREAT! EMINEM IS SO TALENTED AND HOT, IF U LIKE WEST COAST RAP BUY THIS CD! I LUV HIM!
 B000AA7B4I-801 POSITIVO  I love this Cd. It has awesome songs like Criminal,The Real Slim Shady,Stan,and Marshall Mathers. This is one of my favorite Cds. So I reccomend you go out and buy this awesome Rappers Cd.
 B000AA7B4I-802 POSITIVO  For anyone who likes to actually listen to the lyrics of an album you will get no better than this offering. The Marshall Mathers LP has got to be the album of the millenium. Though I didn't think it was possible, it is better than his first album. Th lyrics jump out at you. Everytime you listen to it you won't be able to decide which track you like best. This album should not be taken too seriously because if you are sensitive it will be taken the wrong way. Everyone who I know that has listened to this album has enjoyed it. I defy anyone to knock it, Listen and laugh!
 B000AA7B4I-803 POSITIVO  This is not one of his best. In the Slim Shady LP, he wasn`trapping about sickening stuff, I am not putting down Eminem, it is just that I think the Slim Shady LP is slightly better than the Marshall Mathers LP.
 B000AA7B4I-804 POSITIVO  Ive been following Eminem sense his first release in 96 called &quot;Infinite&quot; the reason why alot of people didnt get to hear that is because he wasnt allowed to say what he wanted to say and was forced to make up raps that didnt relate to him(like most MC's out there) when his second cd came out &quot;the slim shady LP&quot; people didnt know what to think but i bought it the first day it came out and thought it was a great cd and about 2 months before this one came out i was eagerly awaiting this and i was not dissapointed this is a cd that you can play the whole way through and not have to skip around to differant songs and for all the people that think he is discusting put it this way, in the song&quot;the real slim shady&quot; Eminem says &quot;Theres a slim shady in all of us ____ it lets all stand up&quot; face it hes right who hasnt at one point wanted to kill there boss or wanted to do all the stuff he has mentioned, its just that he has the balls to say it in public so show some respect his talent dont diss it, he has more talent then any MC out on the market and diserves some respect so it doesnt matter to him but he gets MAD PROPS FROM ME keep doin whatcha doin and forget the public
 B000AA7B4I-805 NEUTRO  The new eminem cd is ok. I felt the beats were very well done yet the lyrics are really messed up. The lyrics talk about him killing things and stuff of that criteria. Now i never bought his first album &quot;Slim Shady&quot; My overall feeling is the marshall mathers lp should be called &quot;ThE mesSED-uP LP&quot; ...hers LP. From the opening Public Service 2000 track, where Eminem and his narrator repeadetly find ways of telling the listener that he doesn't give a *uck what they think of the forthcoming material. Perhaps this serves as forewarning to the over-the-top cuts on this album. Opening things off is 'Kill You', where Eminem reaffirms the troubles in his life and how sooner or later, he just might end up dead but don't mess with him, man, cause he'll take you down. Typical fare, done with a little more bite. Make that a lot more bite. Numerous tracks on the album follow suit, such as Marshall Mathers and Remember Me? Also thrown in are some ... interesting... story-songs like Stan (a highlight), a tale of a demented, obsessed fan, and the downright chilling 'Kim', where Eminem screams throughout the entire song at his girlfriend, finally ending in a bloodbath that ultimatley proves to be a mere prologue to '97 Bonnie and Clyde' from the Slim Shady LP.The Dr. Dre produced tracks are among the best, as expected. And the single 'The Real Slim Shady' is the most up-beat, accessible cut on the album, as well as being completley hilarious in content. But the rest of Marshall Mathers is dark, twisted, and sometimes downright frightening. Through it all, his innate rapping skill remains, despite his content, he truly is one of the most skilled rappers today.At the end of the album, once again, Em turns up to remind the listener that this was all just a joke. However, with the overall content of the CD being so dark, venemous, and hateful, sometimes it's very hard to believe that Eminem really isn't just an extremely tortured Axl Rose for the new millenium.
 B000AA7B4I-806 NEGATIVO  I cannot believe how trash like this could possibly be popular. I mean seriously, all this guy does is drones on by swearing and making seriously offensive lyrics. Another thing is, is how he dumbs down the population by saying that this is music! I swear, some of the most stupid people I have ever met have feminem fans. How do I know, well lets just say he disses his OWN fans and yet he still sells million of albums. He also showed no support for the victims of 9/11. When other bands and artists are doing charities for them, feminem showed no sypamthy for them at all. I could go on and on about how this guy sucks but I'll let this great site do the rest www.Feminem.com. Last word of advice: DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP THAT IS FEMINEM!
 B000AA7B4I-807 NEGATIVO  I bought this to listen to because i'd heard that this cd was being hailed as an artistic masterpiecce by a genius, and that the cd was hyped up to almost Godlike proportions. I never want to hear this again. Eminem's main goal is to deliberately shock by putting in tons of swear words and writing songs about murdering or hurting his girlfriend/wife/ex-wife Kim, whatever she is to him now. The only good track is Stan, because it had a good story to tell. The song where he's literally screaming his head off at Kim and then strangles her is probably the most hateful piece of junk i've ever heard. He comes off as a whiny, immature child who has anger management problems and also issues with his Mom. Eminem needs to spend his money on serious time on the psychiatrist's couch and not on making more cds to torture us with. This cd makes him come off as very self-aborbed. He needs to get on with his life and stop putting out songs where he's angry at the world, the critics, his mom, Kim, and blaming everyone but himself. And any artist who puts down another artist in a song is very pathetic. What's even more shocking is the fact that kids under 17, especially VERY young kids who are probably 6 or 7, will be listening to this cd and worshipping Eminem. This cd is NOT suitable for anyone under the age of 17, i don't care what anyone says. Videos and pop radio stations may be geared at the youth of today, and Eminem may be targeted for a youthful audience due to marketing, but that doesn't mean a lot of his material is appropriate for really young kidlets to hear. Of course Eminem would disagree with everything i've said in this review, but i frankly don't care. It really disturbs me that kids under ten listen to music with a lot of swearing and disrespectful language and subject material. I seriously hope Eminem is a fad. I really can't see him having any long lasting appeal. Just because MTV tells us something is cool to listen to because they shove it down our throats doesn't necessarily mean it's good stuff you're hearing. This cd is not the stuff we should be awarding tons of Grammy awards to. There are so many more talented artists out there more deserving. Not buying his cds is the smartest thing you can do this year, or any year for that matter. Don't buy into the hype, people. Use your brain and listen to real music with lasting appeal, not the crap novelty of the moment.
 B000AA7B4I-808 NEGATIVO  From the moment i first heard eminem, i knew it was just a big joke.I still think this, now. This album has catchy tunes &amp; music, but the lyrics are awful! It goes on &amp; on for ages with meaningless lyrics, and awful noises. A totally sad album, from the misic to the booklet, stay well away!
 B000AA7B4I-809 POSITIVO  When I first herd "kill you" he related to me. Of the stuff I wish I could say to my angry mother that nags because shes can never be satisfied. Then I got bored of Stan because of the slow beats but still great lyrics. The rest just still makes my adrenaline pumping from the controversy. This is the True Slim Shadey. I dont care what they say he's the only one that use freedom of speech to its fullist. Get this album not "the Eminem Show" unless you want the changed soft Slim Shadey. I think this should of won for album of the year at the grammys.
 B000AA7B4I-810 POSITIVO  I loved this cd when i bought it and i still do. This aint nowhere near being one of the greatest rap albums, but its great. I am an eminem fan and this one is my favorite, despite the fact that he stole esham's rap style known as acid rap, but its all good. My favorite tracks are amityville, kill you, and criminal. If you like this album you should pick up better albums like the dayton family's F.B.I. or Bone Thugs-N-Harmony's E. 1999 Eternal before you get this.
 B000AA7B4I-811 POSITIVO  Im soo stupid for hatin eminem. Its cuz i heard him only on his terrible radio songs from the eminem show and then i heard his racist stuff so i hated him. Then i heard the new d12 song my band and heard how funny it was and i realized d12 is all black except for eminemand that the racist stuff was about his black girl friend so he can't really be racist. So i bought d12 world and loved it then since i had some good dough on me i bought 8mile soundtrack devils night slim shady lp and this disc and loved em all. Theres allotta funny songs on this album and the other 1s. Im also glad eminem dissed the Insane clown posse cuz they remind me of the KKK and should rot in hell.eminem is not the best rapper tho lots of people are better than him but hes got a good career a head of him. this album was great lyrically and beatwise. i think when eminem raps with his assertive voice and flow and good lyrics you just get into it. great album peace. (...)
 B000AA7B4I-812 POSITIVO  i have been listening to eminem ever since i was little, and i know that hes not serious about what he says, and he doesnt want any 1 to take it seriously the thing hes tryin to say is yeh i got problems and stuff but im just here to have FUN!!And somy opinoin is parents should let their kids listen to him if they wanna listen to him, ,if they satrt doin the stuff that marshall(eminem) is just joking about its its your fault that you havnt taught your children right from wrong and even eminem knows right from wrong becuz he wont let his own dughter listen to it!! but i think the cd was great and its my favorite of all of em and its NOT bad unless you take it the worng way like most parents!
 B000AA7B4I-813 POSITIVO  I got this album the minute it got to Grenada and there were only one disappointment, which was it should of gotten here sooner. Em's still the same craaazy a$$ dude but with one difference, he's MUCH BETTER! It's hard to top a triple platinum album, especially a debut album but he surly did it with this joint. With the best producer by his side being no other than the doctor himself Dr. Dre it'll be very hard for Em to drop. This isn't white hype or the white hope, Em is a bad a$$ rapper so this album is for all U rap fans. Add this to UR collection.
 B000AA7B4I-814 POSITIVO  Yo im 17 years old. Van Halen or Adam or whatever ya name is, shut ya hatin ass up. Dat boy Eminem is SICK! Dis is his best album. Eminem does things on dat mic nobody else can do. Da man's lyrical delivery is jus crazy. He rhymes wordz 2getha that it would seem like u wouldnt be able to rhyme 2getha. So all yall hatin muthaf**kaz need ta shut tha (...) up. Now he do be goin too far sometimes wit sum of tha stuff he says and I think his boy Bizarre is a (...), but Eminem is supreme MC. See haters are people who cant do what u do so they criticize u(take Adam or Van Halen fan or whatever is name is for example). Anyway, its too bad Em is retiring. I wuz hopin he would do one more before he hung tha mic up. He'll definately be known as one of tha greatest rappers of all time.
 B000AA7B4I-815 NEGATIVO  How do the folks at Interscope sleep at night?
 B000AA7B4I-816 NEGATIVO  Is everybody on drugs or something? Eminem is the whiniest, most untalented moron ever to get signed to a record label. It's like Vannila Ice except all you losers are calling him a genius. An angry eleven year old could write lyrics just as consistently awful and his voice is perhaps the worst voice commercialy available.Ostensibly all our societies problems could be blamed on poor parenting and stupid male aggression; things which Eminem celebrates and makes money off of. You guys think this is genius? You think acting like a tough guy makes you one?It makes you a waste. To yourself and everybody. Every year there are over two hundred thousand girls between the ages of five and eleven in the United States alone that are being sold as sex slaves to perverts and degenerates and instead of doing anything about this you guys are paying twenty dollars an album to this violent sociopath who degrades women and has no respect for anyone.Eminem hates people. All people. It's as simple as that. If he can't use you in some way he has no need for you.If you think hating people is cool then you are missing the point of life. Wake up from this garbage. Oh, and as for the music? Awful beats. Awful rythms. Even rap shouldn't be as hamfisted as this. Get a life.
 B000AA7B4I-817 POSITIVO  Today I downloaded a song from LimeWire by Eminem called "The Kids" and it said that it it was track 19 on MMLP.I always thought that this album only had 18 tracks...Anyways it's a really funny song in which Em has to be substitute teacher for a classroom full of kids.Throughout the song,he tells the kids stories about drug junkies.If "The Kids" really isn't on this CD then try to dig it up somewhere in the net.I say it's one of his best songs.
 B000AA7B4I-818 NEGATIVO  I had to give it at least one star, cause it wouldn't let me leave none. This radio wonderboy totally sells out my having an edited CD. Why would someone change their original music and compromise their music just so some 12 year old boys mother will let him buy it, cause it's the edited version? Sell out! He has not talent, with or with out dre
 B000AA7B4I-819 POSITIVO  i have 18 words to describe it .....cool cool cool cool coll cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool thats more than 18 words but o wellPeace out,Nick
 B000AA7B4I-820 POSITIVO  yo peeps! eminem rocks.he raps true feelings baby. oh yeah!
 B000AA7B4I-821 POSITIVO  I just got this cd. It is funny. The beats are so incredibly ausome. The rap is good. Get it and you wont be dissapointed. EMINEM IS COOL! PS: IT IS A GOOD CD IF U LIKE RAP! OR THE REAL SLIM SHADY. HE IS THE REAL SLIM SHADY!
 B000AA7B4I-822 NEGATIVO  LYRICS GREAT BUT HES GOING POP IS HE GONNA END UP LIKE JA RULE
 B000AA7B4I-823 NEGATIVO  He's no longer funny. That's the only entertainment he could provide, unfortunately he is no longer that funny clown type of "rapper", very disappointing
 B000AA7B4I-824 POSITIVO  Em has the tightest raps, out there. I mean he's &quot;better then 90% of you other rappers out there&quot;, cuz you dudes don't keep it fresh, your lines just get so old quick, you use the same beats etc. on every song. Em is original, he's just awesome, he also has the guts to say what he feels, you guys have the guts to say what you feel 'bout big screen TVs, hahahahahahaha! Sorry, that was just me. But really, when you listen to this CD, on collaborations like &quot;Remeber Me&quot;, you can really tell how bad the guys rapping with Em are cuz, just well download that song off napster (Napster rules! ) and you'll understand. The best songs are &quot;Kill You&quot;, &quot;Stan&quot;, &quot;The real Slim Shady&quot;, and &quot;The Kids&quot; (yes that edited version only song is pretty good). So now get this CD, and &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; to, that CD's also pretty good.
 B000AA7B4I-825 POSITIVO  I see why people love this album and why they hate. Eminmem is a different kind of rapper. I personally like the ablum. You kind of get to see what he is about. If you don't like violence and provocative language this is not the ablum for you. The ablum is different, if you don't like change its not for you.
 B000AA7B4I-826 POSITIVO  The rhymes and visuals eminem portays on the song Who Knew just shows how good this album really is. You have the violent nature on Kim, and the fact that eminem tries to relate to kids (do drugs, etc..) There are a ton of aspects on this album which define eminem as an artist. Any review which denies that, has their own opinion, but fails to recognize this talent. Great album, probably the best from eminem; the classic album.
 B000AA7B4I-827 NEGATIVO  I'm sorry, I picked up this album the other day because I so much enjoyed &quot;the real slim shady&quot;. After I heard the song &quot;Kim&quot; I had nightmares. Even now I cannot understand why this song was written, why people think it's a good song and why people aren't as mortified as I am. ... I am very disturbed that a song like this is on one of the best selling albums of the year.ility to compile and deliver such a torrent of words with such speed, precision, inflection, and meaning. The only bad track on the disc is #3, &quot;Stan,&quot; but maybe it will grow on me in time. &quot;Kim&quot; is, as MTV's Kurt Loder said, &quot;the most disturbing thing I've ever heard,&quot; but it makes me glad that Eminem gets this stuff out in the studio, instead of in real life. His wife must be one cool lady to be able to separate her husband from his various alter egos. Keep it up, you two.
 B000AA7B4I-828 NEGATIVO  Eminem is Good for a Laugh I'll Give Him that&amp;the Dissing was On Point at Certain Artists.The Music&amp;Production is ALright.but Overall it's One Big Joke.He is Mainly Around For Shock Value which gets old Pretty fast.I Really Dug The Real Slim Shady but I Don't really feel the other Tracks.
 B000AA7B4I-829 NEGATIVO  When you buy an edited version of this CD, is it just me, or is Eminem so much of an utterly profane artist that all you hear is silence? I would never buy this for myself or for anyone. I would just like to advise parents (being the oldest of 6 myself)that if you ARE AGAINST YOUR CHILDREN HEARING PROFANITY, DON'T GIVE IN AND BUY THEM THE &quot;EDITED VERSION&quot;! No matter how cleanly they try to take out the utter bigotry, racism, and down right ugliness, it will never remove the images set forth by eminem. Even though you cannot hear Eminem's words, you know exactly what he is trying to say. When you settle for the &quot;edited&quot; version because you don't want to know about his profanity, Eminem laughs all the way to the bank and somehow still manages to give off the same impression as before - images of sex, violence, hatred, killing his wife (HIS MOM!?) and other things I think could spawn a whole new generation of terrorists! Please, my brother has this CD. Do not purchase it!
 B000AA7B4I-830 NEGATIVO  Eminem is the soundtrack for &quot;The Future Losers of America&quot;. All of his songs are negative and spiteful and meant to bring out the worst in humanity. &quot;Stan&quot; contains lyrics that promote the killing of homosexuals (well at least that's the way I interpret &quot;stabbing a fag or a lez&quot; means). Listen and deteroirate.
 B000AA7B4I-831 NEGATIVO  Eminem is a good mc, but to do the same thing with this album that he did with the first is sad. You've gotta come with something better and original than to repeat yourself. He's played, shock-jock mc'ing is good for one or two songs,not albums. To be a good rapper and waste it on that album, which by the way drags a lot, is stupid. The sophomore jinx has busted eminem in the face. ... BOOOOOOOO! gets for such wimpy rebelliousness sells albums; it's like shooting fish in a barrel, boy, and it amounts to one thing: SELLOUT.n my opinion the best song on the album is &quot;The Way I Am&quot; which is written,produced,and mixed by Eminem.It's one of the less disturbing songs and it's got a phat beat and well written lyrics. My only complaint is I would have liked to see him do more producing since he shows in that song he has the talent to do so.People need to forget the overpublicized lyrical content and recognize that he has the right to be a cocky rapper. Some say somphmore albums got a curse on them but he proves that the whole sophmore slump thing only applies to people without alot of talent.THIS ALBUM IS ACTUALLY BETTER THAN HIS ORIGNAL(that doesn't even seem possible,I know) BUY IT IT'S WORTH EVERY CENT.BUM IS ACTUALLY BETTER THAN HIS ORIGNAL(that doesn't even seem possible,I know) BUY IT IT'S WORTH EVERY CENT.
 B000AA7B4I-832 NEGATIVO  Unlike the first albumn which had 1 ok song, this has none. I'd like to like Emenem, but the album is nothing more than rants .... Nothing origional, no musical value, .... I get what he says, and frankly I don't blame him for hating his mother/family and his issues with society. But good music this isn't. Teens won't get the irony of the albumn, and just pick up the lame white boy gangster mentality we just don't need. How Dre let this one get away from him I'm not sure...
 B000AA7B4I-833 NEGATIVO  I don't know about you but I'm sooo sick of the annoying &quot;Real Slim Shady song&quot;. In general I find the tracks on this CD boring. The production and beets are slow and weak and don't get my head bobbing.I have no problem with the &quot;controversial lyrics&quot; in fact it's the only part of the CD that makes it worthwile for a listen. Think about it.My reccommendation: let your friend buy it and tape it off em cause you'll only listen to it once.There are too many other notable Rap artists these days that deserve more recognition. I really hope Eminem dies out soon because I'm sick of hearing it...
 B000AA7B4I-834 POSITIVO  It was the best c.d. ive ever heard.The best thing is theres not a lot of cause words.This c.d. inspired me to open the business i run today.
 B000AA7B4I-835 POSITIVO  I have heard Em's Show. I've heard a bunch of his other songs, and these are his best. This is the track listing ( I birned my own CD after downloading off iTunes, so my track listings are different, since I took some songs off):1. Kill You: Great track, kinda hard to hear what he's saying, but great. 10/102. Stan: Best song ever. 10/103. Paul: waste of space4. Who Knew? Cool track, 8/105. Steve: Funniest skit ever! 10/106. The Way I Am: Awsome track 10/107. The Real Slim Shady: Funny! 10/10!8. Remember Me: I listened to about the first two minutes of this song, and turned it off. 2/109. I'm Back: Havn't listened to this yet10. Marshell Mathers: Great! 10/1011. Ken: I'd rather not talk about this track12. Drug Ballad: Great, 10/1013. Under the Influence: Good track 7.5/1014. B**** Please 2: Cool song, 9/1015. The Kids: Funny, and great! 10/1016. Amityville: Interesting track, 8.5/1017. Criminal: Amazing song, 10/10!And, my little bonus, on my CD only:18. Sing for the Moment (I had extra space, so I stuck it on there) 10/10Overall, great CD. My favorite Eminem CD so far
 B000AA7B4I-836 POSITIVO  bump them haters eminem is one of the top 10 lyricsts ever! his storys are halarious mostly he can even freak out the thuggest (...). he even got rbx on this album which is cool even though the song sucks. bpleeze 2 is tite and so is stan & kim...u suld get this joint
 B000AA7B4I-837 POSITIVO  This is the ratings for the tracks on this CD.PSA 2000 (skit) - Funny skit. Wonder if it's true... (5/5)Kill You - Awesome Song! Cereal Box? (5/5)Stan (w/ Dido) - Good song. Dido sucks though. (4/5)Paul (skit) - Stupid! (2/5)Who Knew - Who did know this song was so cool?!?! (5/5)Steve Berman (skit) - Hilarious! (5/5)The Way I Am - Cool song! He only brags once! (5/5)The Real Slim Shady - First song I knew on this CD. Awesome! (5/5)Remember Me? (w/ RBX, Sticky Fingaz) - Ok song. The beginning kinda gay. (4/5)I'm Back - I always wondered why he was called Slim Shady... (5/5)Marshall Mathers - Cool song. (5/5)Ken Kaniff (skit) - Hilarious! Gay. Completely Gay. (4/5)Drug Ballad - Cool! Drugs all the way through though. (5/5)Amityville (w/ Bizzare) - Good song. (4/5)B**** Please II (w/ Dr. Dre, Xibit, Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg) - A Song about n****s. Weird! (4/5)Kim - A fake fight with Kim. Awesome song! (5/5)Under the Influence (w/ D-12) - Good song (4/5)Criminal - Awesome Song! PERIOD! (5/5)The Kids (bonus song) - Funny song. "Don't do drugs" is the main theory. (5/5)Bottom Line: AWESOME CD! BUY IT! NOW!!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-838 POSITIVO  I am a tough critic, but I love this album! At first, I really didn't like it much. I thought that the Eminem Show was much better, but now I find that this is more "classical" rap than The Eminem Show. The only problem with this album is lack of songs, and there are a couple of really bad songs, untypical for this rapper. However, the great songs such as "Stan", "The Real Slim Shady", and "The Way I Am" are more than enough to pull the album. Also creating a good scene are "Marshall Mathers" and "I'm Back." The odd thing of this album is the fact that "Kim" is the best song on here, in terms of artistic value, but it is also the most disturbing. Listen to find out.Production is great as usual, with Dr. Dre being at the front of the production lineup. Except for RBX and Sticky Fingaz, the guest artists are great. This album has exceptionally artistic lyrics, for a rapper. Go get the lyrics off of the internet, and follow along. At times he is disturbing, moody, or even hilarious. Think aggression mixed with The Slim Shady Lp and you'll get the picture. Overall, if you like rap or Em, get the album today! Seriously.
 B000AA7B4I-839 POSITIVO  Ok this is a real good cd. and mine is edited but u might not even call it edited cuz all they blurt out is the f word and womens body parts and stuff. not that i dont like it unedited but i cant play this on my stereo cuz i have a 10 year old brother. i have to listen to this cd in my headphones cuz this is such a violent cd. dont get me wrong its good. if u tell ur parents its edited than dont let them hear it cuz its hardly edited at all.
 B000AA7B4I-840 POSITIVO  Eminem has such a good flow and his rhymes get you really thinking. this controversal album get you thinkin about how... up society is and eminem takes every chance to stab at it. Don't hate, you can't deny what he is saying and you can't deny his skill. GET THIS ALBUM.
 B000AA7B4I-841 POSITIVO  I am 13 years old. This album has not damaged me at all. Even though this is edited, pretty much the only thing that's bleeped out is the f-word and some comments about suicide and degrading women. Now, I'm realistic enough to say that I can see why parents, women, and others are offended by this album. But the way my parents have raised me is that, if you don't like something, you keep your trap shut, and give respect to the people that do like that something you don't like. It's really just a matter of taste. Anyways, the best song on the album is &quot;Stan&quot;. Other songs that I would reccomend are &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;, and &quot;The Kids&quot; (If you buy the edited version of this album, you get &quot;The Kids&quot; and not &quot;Kim&quot;, and if you buy the explicit version it's the other way around). I would also reccomend &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, but I think everyone's heard that so many times already that I don't think anyone really wants to listen to it anymore. In conclusion, if you like rap, especially Dr. Dre, this is a must have album.
 B000AA7B4I-842 POSITIVO  Ya, i really like the c.d and just ordered it a couple minutes ago. I don't think that it is really neccesary for there to be all of the sweares in it. I will not listen to that kindof music and listen to the edited version. If he is so unhappy than he should'nt be singing. I think that he is so incredably hot and i love him and think of him all the time. I love slim shady!!!his eyes are so pretty and want him all to my self.
 B000AA7B4I-843 POSITIVO  Eminen has his only unique musicaly direction that no one will ever be able to get close to. The Marshell Mathers album is excellent from start to finish and i couldn't fault one track. Featuring the Uk number ones Real Slim Shady, and Stan and the Uk top ten What I Am (My favourite) it shows that lyriclly Eminen is far superior to all those around him at the moment.
 B000AA7B4I-844 POSITIVO  this is the best cd i've heard in a long time(aside from eminems debue album)i love the song The Way I Am, it's the best! this CD is definatly worth buying!
 B000AA7B4I-845 POSITIVO  with good beats, smart lyrics, and an incredible sense of humour, eminem has made an album that is equal to if not greater then the Slim Shady Lp. personally, i didnt think it could be done. every song has its own special attribute to it that makes it listenable over and over. also, if the only eminem song you like is &quot;the real slim shady&quot; then i dont suggest getting it. because there are no other songs like it on the album. which, for me is good, cause im fairly sick of that song. the albums most notable tracks= kill you, stan, the way i am, marshall mathers, im back, kim, and criminal. definatly worth a listen or 10!
 B000AA7B4I-846 POSITIVO  This album is straight tight. All his tracks involve the creativity that only Shady can bring. Combined with Dre's production entertainment is had by all. Kim, Amityville, and Stan are the greatest examples of Em's creativness.Add Dre, Snoop, Xzibit, and Nate to the mix on track #15, tight beats from 'Drug Ballad', 'The Way I Am', and 'Criminal', and even harder rappin' style and you got the tightest album of 2000.
 B000AA7B4I-847 POSITIVO  This CD is what got me into rap actually the song forgot about dre did but this is the first rap CD i ever bought and probably the most worn out one the songs just never get old ... em was the one who got me into raperly. i have nothing against any of the people he affends,except for the pop groups. if u want a GOOD band/performer that is great and offends well go to the other MM.not marshel mathers,marilyn manson. he is a genius:he's been blamed for a highschool shooting:eminems had a couple of people protest at one of his concerts. they helped to point out wot a **** he is. MM truly points out wot is rong with society,while eminem just sings songs any homophobic trash ass could. eminem u'r afreak:u have no friends u'r a retard who would cry if a 2 yr old called him a stink hed. i don't like most rap. aggro,metal and some rap metal rocks. don't buy this trash:buy system of a down's self titled album:it will blow u away.skilb.d.g(be dan gerous)ingle off the album. Says he is the true Slim Shady and everyone who claims to be are just imitating.9.) Remember Me? (ft. RBX &amp; Sticky Fingaz) - The first track to include guest rappers. About how he is still rapping and won't leave.10.) I'm Back - One of my favorites, a song that proves he's back for more dissing.11.) Marshall Mathers - The track that is flourishing with dirty comments about 'NSYNC, Britney Spears, ICP and others.12.) Ken Kaniff (skit) - The nastiest, most obscence track on the LP. A encounter with the oral pleasures between Ken Kaniff and the Insane Clown Posse.13.) Drug Ballad - About how the press is all up in his face.14.) Amityville (ft. Bizarre) - The ode to his hometown, Detroit.15.) Bitch Please II (ft. Dre, Snoop, Xzibit &amp; Nate Dogg) - The sequel to the original track on Snoop Dogg's &quot;Top Dogg.&quot; Features blazing appearances by Dre &amp; Snoop.16.) Kim - The most disturbing track on the album. This one is about killing his girlfriend (now wife) Kim Scott. This was originally titled &quot;Bitch So Wrong.&quot;17.) Under the Influence - The catchiest hook provides that if you don't his music, you can suck his d##k.18.) Criminal - The final track is about when he says he wants to kill someone, everyone thinks he will.Well, this has been a brief breakdown of the latest release from Eminem, &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP.&quot; If you love rap, you should definitely cop this. But if you like all that teeny bopper s##t, DON'T BUY IT!
 B000AA7B4I-848 POSITIVO  I'm not even going to front. When Eminem first came out, I paid no attention to him. When I saw &quot;My Name Is&quot; on BET for the first time, all I noticed was the comedy act on the video and I could recognize a Dr. Dre beat for the song. But everybody was talking about his CD. Then Dr. Dre's &quot;Chronic 2001&quot; came out and I was feelin' Eminem's verses on &quot;What's The Difference&quot; and &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot;. Then, Funkmaster Flex and Big Kap released &quot;The Tunnel&quot; and Eminem and Dr. Dre had a track on their called &quot;If I Get Locked Up&quot; that was the best song on the CD. After, hearing my roomate say 50 times, &quot;Eminem's &quot;Slim Shady LP&quot; is tight, I finally bought it. The CD was tight and the songs I liked the most were &quot;Guilty Conscience&quot; and &quot;Role Model&quot;. Now after buying his 1st CD months after it was released, I decided that I would not make the same mistake with &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot;. This CD is one of the best that have been released in the year 2000. The way Eminem can mix his twisted humor and harsh realities in his past into tight, memorable rap songs is a skill in its own. First of all I should warn some listeners that &quot;Slim Shady&quot; is not for everybody. Eminem's split personality is sickening at some times to people that aren't used to his lyrics. To me it's a clever niche that Eminem has created in hip hop that will keep him around for a long time. &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; is filled with tight songs. Dr. Dre and Eminem make a perfect combination, reminiscent of Dr. Dre and Snoop in the &quot;Chronic&quot; days. &quot;Kill You&quot;, &quot;Who Knew&quot;, &quot;I'm Back&quot; and &quot;Remember Me&quot; w/RBX and Sticky Fingaz are all classics from the Dr. Dre and Melman production boards. &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; are also tight. The two best tracks, on the CD, however are B Please II w/Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg, and Xzibit and &quot;Stan&quot; w/Dido. On &quot;B Please 2&quot; Eminem shows that he can flow with the 2 of the West's best, Snoop Dogg and Xzibit. &quot;Stan&quot; is one of Eminem's most creative tracks. It's about one of Eminem's fans that writes him letters, comparing him to Eminem's so called life. For the first three verses, Eminem tells Stan's side of the story, and each verse as they go on comes with more rage than the other. The last verse has Eminem telling Stan about getting his life together and to separate &quot;Slim Shady&quot; from Eminem. Don't always believe in everything you hear. This CD is a classic for true hip hop fans, some people, however, might not be able to tolerate all the lyrics.
 B000AA7B4I-849 POSITIVO  This album takes the first amendment to the extreme- Em brings it together nicely in this collection of phat songs (mostly) directed by Dre. Even without the single, the real slim shady, this CD would still be as hot as it is now! The creativity in Eminem's songs is off the hook- he goes from Britney Spears and boy bands to vicadent and his crazy mom. This album is definetely twice as good as slim shady by far!
 B000AA7B4I-850 POSITIVO  This is such a brutally honest and funny CD. I usually don't go for this type of music, but this album GREAT! Every song is good : )
 B000AA7B4I-851 POSITIVO  This is the best CD that I own. I love how he raps about how life is. When I have a bad day, or a good day... when I simply live through a day I feel like listening to it.
 B000AA7B4I-852 POSITIVO  To be honest, when I first listened to the CD, I was like,&quot;OH, man. This is so much worse than the last one [CD].&quot; But, the 2nd time I listened it, I loved EVERY SONG! It was incredible! The lyrics and deep and the beats are hot. Eminem is the funniest talented rapped out there. He's a true hip-hop artist from the Underground, and nobody can deny it.
 B000AA7B4I-853 POSITIVO  This Cd is the best out right now. The marshall Mathers LP is 10 times better than his first CD which was The Slim Shady LP. I think that everyone should buy this Cd. It is well worth it. The funniest parts is when he disses his mom. You gotta hear this. B-please 2 is a wicked song. In the song is snoop, dre, xzibit and nate dogg. This cd is a 10 out of 5. Buy this cd right now. Slim is the best white rapper ever. Peace out homies. SLIM IS BACK ! ! ! ! ! !
 B000AA7B4I-854 POSITIVO  This Cd is the best out right now. The marshall Mathers LP is 10 times better than his first CD which was The Slim Shady LP. I think that everyone should buy this Cd. It is well worth it. The funniest parts is when he disses his mom. You gotta hear this. B-please 2 is a wicked song. In the song is snoop, dre, xzibit and nate dogg. This cd is a 10 out of 5. Buy this cd right now. Slim is the best white rapper ever. Peace out homies.
 B000AA7B4I-855 POSITIVO  Eminem comes again with a very good album. This album is not as good as the first one. His flow and the beats do not match his first album. Still, it's an outstanding album and a must buy. It's hard to come with a better album after your first one was a classic. Another collab with Royce Da 5'9 would have been great. Standout tracks include &quot;Stan&quot; &quot;The Way I Am&quot; &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; &quot;Under The Influence&quot; &quot;Criminal&quot;.
 B000AA7B4I-856 POSITIVO  This is so sweeeeeeeeeet. I have never heard a better CD than this. You will never get sick of it. Eminem totally tops his first CD. I dont think he will be able to top this CD. Trust me, Buy it. EMINEM RULEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
 B000AA7B4I-857 POSITIVO  When Eminems frist cd came out I liked him but I did not bye his cd. But I taped my friends cd and I listen to it all the time. Then when I herd of his new cd I tried to bye it as soon as I could so I bought it 5 days after it came out now I listen to it 24/7. So I would reccemend you all go out to bye it!
 B000AA7B4I-858 POSITIVO  this new cd is awesome, every track is hilarious, especially the songs stan, ken kaniff, and criminal. Eminem made an awesome album and got back with ICP in the process
 B000AA7B4I-859 POSITIVO  This is a brilliant album. Im not a big rap fan, but the tunes on this are great. Kim may seem a bit extreme at the end, but up to that its not much different from how some relationships end. Marshall Mathers tells how his life has been, Kill You makes up with it was. Under The Influence and Criminal are also great songs. This album tells it how it was. There are some tracks where he just messes around, like Public Service Announcement, Paul(skit), Steve Berman and Ken Kaniff(skit)(i admit this is just sick, even though i hate the Insane Clown Posse).This is a great album for Eminem fans, Rap fans, and anyone who likes a catchy tune. As for people who say it shouldn't be sold to under-18's, who hasn't already heard the words in this album.Some songs on this album you have to listen to a few times before you start to like them, and if you listen to the whole album, it can get a bit boring after a while, which is why i gave it 4, but generally, this is brilliant.
 B000AA7B4I-860 NEGATIVO  this guy is ... no words to describe the quality. This is utter s**t! Just because he is upset about something in his life or whatever (i agree with david, he has nothing to whine about, look at the starving millions of Rwanda!) doesn't mean complaining about it makes for good music.
 B000AA7B4I-861 POSITIVO  I never liked Eminems debut album I don't why but I didn't. This album really made me a fan of his work because it had a lot of controversial songs on it and the lyrics are crazy listen to Track 16 called KIM I mean nobody could do a song like this except Eminem. Whole bunch of other songs have great lyrics and the whole flow of the album matches everything to make a essential hip hop recording. He kind of went down hill after this but there will always be this album that is probably going to be his best work even future albums won't be like this. I recommend this album highly to rap fans it doesn't get much better than this.
 B000AA7B4I-862 POSITIVO  "The Marshall Mathers LP" is Eminem's second album and, in my opinion, his best ever. This album is much more serious than "The Slim Shady LP"; the songs are much darker and angry. Eminem has something to say on each and every track of this album, and the whole thing is perfect from beginning to end. There are only a few CDs I own which I can listen to from beginning to end, and this is one of them. For me, it never gets played out either. I've listened to this album countless times and I'm not sick of it at all. It's just amazing. Don't hesitate to buy it!
 B000AA7B4I-863 POSITIVO  Track ratings1.Public Service Announcment-Funny intro which for some reason got cut off after Devils Night with D12 4/52.Kill You-Solid Opener by Em which has a decent hook to go with decent verses 4.5/53.Stan (feat Dido)-Very good and the last verse shows Ems soft side telling Stan not to copy his lyrics 4/54.Paul (skit)-Whats the point of these Paul skits? 1/55.Who Knew-Solid song and like 1 reviewer said for those with teens listen to this 4/56.Steve Berman (skit)-For full enjoyment of this skit,listen to it along with the next song but it is funny 3.5/57.The Way I Am-Em at his angry best and if u like his poppy ones like Just Lose It,this might scare you a bit 5/58.The Real Slim Shady-Like My Name Is,this grows terrible after a while and is the start of the weak part of the album 2/59.Remember Me (feat RBX and Sticky Fingaz)-When I heard this song,I was let down because RBX and Sticky r 2 of my favourite rappers ever and them with Em could have been solid but it wasn't.Its just bland as hell nothing ear grabbing 2/510.Who Knew-I cant stand this 1 1/511.Marshall Mathers-Solid song by Em and is a damn good angry song 4/512.Ken Kaniff (skit)-This is just so god damn sick but is funny at times and Ken Kaniff is funny as f**k in his skits 3/513.Drug Ballad-Its OK but dont over listen like I did 3/514.Amityville feat Bizzare-The album gets back on track and is a solid song which is definatley worth your time 4.5/515.B**** Please 2 (feat Dr Dre,Snoop Dogg,Nate Dogg and Xzibit)-Classic track and if they had Warren G in it,it'd be even better but its the best here no doubt about it.Classic song 6/516.Kim-Its a great angry song and has a dark beat to it 4.5/517.Under the Influence (feat D12)-Great song and is D12 before the My Band days of 2004 and get Devils Night by D12 its great but avoid D12 World,it sucks 4/518.Criminal-1 word classic song tied with B**** Please 2 for best on album 6/519.The Kids-If u have the limited edition like me,you'll have this song,if not download it,it is funny 4.5/5Rating 72/95I would have gave it 4.5 stars but it's not avaible so I was going to give it 4 stars but there was 3 songs which were classics so I gave it 5 stars.Get any Em album except Encore and D12 World which suck and the Em albums go in this order (D12 and 8 Mile included)1st Devils Night 5/52nd Eminem Show 5/53rd Marshall Mathers LP 5/54th Slim Shady LP 4/55th 8 Mile Soundtrack 4/56th Encore 2/5 (It has a few good songs though)7th D12 World 2/5 (40 oz,Good Die Young and Git Up save this from 1/5)So get this now
 B000AA7B4I-864 POSITIVO  I dont reli have n e thing to say bout da songs,b sides da fact that itz da best song i've heard, next to Ass Like That & Just Lose It!Emienm ur da best!!!...n by da way i h8 bezinoe( cant spell this name lol *dont wanna*)i luv u!!!xoxoxoxoxox
 B000AA7B4I-865 POSITIVO  This is one of the first cds i bought, and ill tell ya it was really good. Eminem has some of the best lyrics ive heard. My favorite song on the album is &quot;The way i am&quot;. Go get this cd.
 B000AA7B4I-866 POSITIVO  This album is great. I'm white, but it doesn't make me a &quot;whigger&quot; to listen to this bumpin' cd. Some people just take music too literal [serious] and actually DO what these rappers joke about. Some people are too stupid to understand what is right, and what is wrong. Em' is a comedian no matter how much he denies it. This album is his best although twisted and not for the easily-offended. It's NOT a freestlye session. And many people can rap &quot;better&quot; but not as &quot;sinister&quot; as Eminem and Slim Shady[his sick side]. So if you take things too seriously, or don't like twisted rap, don't buy it. Otherwise 5 outta' 5!
 B000AA7B4I-867 POSITIVO  This is the best rap album I've ever heard. The way every song leads to another, it takes you on an emotional journey that reveals Eminem's personal life. From Stan to Criminal this album has a wide variety of types of raps. It will still be selling in another 25 years. A classic, buy it now before it gains value. The only negative thing I could say about this album is it's going to be impossible for Eminem to top it.
 B000AA7B4I-868 POSITIVO  first of all...i dunno why ppl think THE SLIM SHADY LP is better than this one. true, that was real tight with some tight lyrics. but...waittaminute. this is definite growth, dunt think i coulda beared to hear The Slim Shady LP part 2. this disc is different, and better. it is more personal n angry. songs like marshall mathers, the way i am and b please 2 wouldnt have fit on the previous album. this is realer, and more than cartoonish lyrics. stan is a masterpiece, a wonderul story of a crazed fan and the dido chorus makes the song off the hook....b please 2 is a banger, snoop and eminem should make more songs. infact, i think there should be a b please 3. and soon too! anyways this is a tight cd, peep out under the influence coz it's real slick. the slim shady lp type stuff with a more thuggish approach. his voice especially, he's changed it a bit. made it more mature, and thuggish.tight album. no skippable tracks except for 'amityville' prolly.
 B000AA7B4I-869 POSITIVO  This is the best cd i have. eminem talks about life as it is and isn't afraid to do it. This cd has great beats and rhymes. Best songs are: real slim shadey, way i am, criminal, and stan. the rest of the songs are good too. His cd berore this is aight but this one is better. i also reccomeond Choices- 3 6 mafia, Venna vetta vecca- ja rule, and chronic 2001. peace out!!!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-870 POSITIVO  This album totally rocks!! It's the best rap album of all time. Every song included, in my opinion are masterpieces. The use of explicit language I think in a twisted way are quite sexy and also very touching. This is due to relating to his issues on depression and sucide which are illnesses I've been going through lately. I also like this album because it's not a goody goody two shoes type like backstreet boys, which I find not as addictive to listen. All and All as long as you don't winge about explicit language, buying this album is a must!!!
 B000AA7B4I-871 POSITIVO  I think he's amazing, unbelivable, the best raper ever!!!! His songs really say something to you, his lyrics are true and he's not afraid of saying what he thinks in his record. I love the song Kim, and although it may seem too violent for some people as he kills his wife in the end of the song while he yells at her: "BLEED .... BLEED" it's a great song wich is worth to be listened. Every album song is worth of buying the CD
 B000AA7B4I-872 POSITIVO  This cd is great! The whole cd is hilarious (except for "Stan" and "Kim"), and i especially love the robbery skit in "Criminal". BUY THIS ALBUM
 B000AA7B4I-873 NEGATIVO  Id like to start off by saying that buying the clean version of this cd is a waste of money. I enjoy Eminems music, but a young child should NOT be listening to this, edited or otherwise. Eminem edited out the bare minimum of swearing and profanity, leaving in n**ger, b**ch, s**t and drugs and kill about half the time. With this cd, buy the unedit, or dont buy it at all.
 B000AA7B4I-874 POSITIVO  This is such a sick album!! It totally rocks, the lyrics were great, and the beats were sweet!! I recommend this album to any Eminem fan.
 B000AA7B4I-875 POSITIVO  I LIKE EMINEM BUT IN THIS ALBUM HIS BEATS SOUND ALOT LIKE DRE'S BEATS IN THE CHRONIC 2001.HE CHANGED HIS STYLE IN 1 YEAR I DON'T KNOW HOW TO DESCRIBE IT IT'S LIKE IT'S MORE MELLOW OR SOMETHING.HERE'S THE GOOD TRACKS 2,3,5,7,8,10,15,17,18.9-18.
 B000AA7B4I-876 POSITIVO  Eminem has done it again. This album is off the wall! Its lyrics and ideas are great. It deals with some issues in a way teens will hear them. People who are upset about him &quot;picking&quot; on them need to get over it. Eminem's entire LP is right on target. He is a great rapper. Not a great white rapper, simply a great rapper.
 B000AA7B4I-877 POSITIVO  This is the tightest CD that I have ever purchased. If you do not own this album at the time you read this, pick it up now. If you are a fan of clever lyrics and masterful beats, then you will love this CD. If you do not like this CD, then you are not a fan of rap.
 B000AA7B4I-878 NEUTRO  The marshall mather lp wasnt what i had expected. The cd is cool its got some good songs but its not better than the first one. Eminem has the ability to do better, working with dr dre this shouldve been the best cd ever, but....
 B000AA7B4I-879 POSITIVO  This album is everything you could expect from Eminem, this album is much better then his last album &quot;slim shady&quot;, alot of people thing that the seond albums are not that good, but i have both albums and well i am lost for words, all the songs in his new album are just outstanding. The best song i think is number 8 &quot;THE REAL SLIM SHADY&quot;, if you like Eminem you will love this, and if you have never listened to his music before, you are soooooooo missing out. So go out right now and buy it NOW, you will not be disapointed.
 B000AA7B4I-880 POSITIVO  If you love rap, you'll love Eminem's new CD! This is nothing but top of the line beats! This CD will make you fall in love with the producer, Dr. DRE. Look for tracks number: 3,11,16. THOSE ARE DOPE!
 B000AA7B4I-881 POSITIVO  Im giving this disk a 4 out of 5 because the ranking 5 is just so easy to give to any CD that's okay.. The 5 rank is reserved for the best of the best. The rank is my current opinon.I think that this new Cd is un-real. Marshall is undoubtedly one of the hardest rappers today with the lyrical content on this CD. I have to commend Dre also with his producing.. the beats on this disk are amazing.And remeber folks, I am rating the &quot;CD&quot; and not the MP3's! Peace, and much love to ya'll
 B000AA7B4I-882 POSITIVO  how can u review an album which is without doubt the best album ever made. u would think how could eminem possibly surpass the dopeness of dre's 2001 and his own slim shady Lp but the dude has actually done it. Not one track on this album is anything short of ... dope. eminems rhymin still on point and appears to have matured, there are some phat guest apperences which his first album kinda missed dre, snoop,xzibit, rbx and D12 really represent and the beats are straight ill. Can't really see where Eminem gonna go from here how can he top this, ...
 B000AA7B4I-883 POSITIVO  The latest release from the infamous Slim Shady, &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; is sure to cause quite a stir in the press. The sophmore album from Eminem proves that he can be just as nasty and dirty as the next rapper.In this LP, he is, as stated in track #6, &quot;rapping about homosexuals and vicadin.&quot; Some of his targets are the pop group 'NSYNC and teen diva Christina Aguilera.Here is a breakdown of each track:1.) Public Service Announcement 2000 - The sequel to the PSA on the Slim Shady LP.2.) Kill You - Em raps about killing the two most important women in his life, his mom and his wife, Kim.3.) Stan (ft. Dido) - This is the best track on the entire album. This is about a fan named Stan.4.) Paul (skit) - Another skit from a cop named Paul.5.) Who Knew - This one is about how he didn't know that kids would do what he says.6.) Steve Berman (skit) - A skit about a meeting with record executive Steve Berman.7.) The Way I Am - Explains why he acts how he acts.8.) The Real Slim Shady - The first single off the album. Says he is the true Slim Shady and everyone who claims to be are just imitating.9.) Remember Me? (ft. RBX &amp; Sticky Fingaz) - The first track to include guest rappers. About how he is still rapping and won't leave.10.) I'm Back - One of my favorites, a song that proves he's back for more dissing.11.) Marshall Mathers - The track that is flourishing with dirty comments about 'NSYNC, Britney Spears, ICP and others.12.) Ken Kaniff (skit) - The nastiest, most obscence track on the LP. A encounter with the oral pleasures between Ken Kaniff and the Insane Clown Posse.13.) Drug Ballad - About how the press is all up in his face.14.) Amityville (ft. Bizarre) - The ode to his hometown, Detroit.15.) Bitch Please II (ft. Dre, Snoop, Xzibit &amp; Nate Dogg) - The sequel to the original track on Snoop Dogg's &quot;Top Dogg.&quot; Features blazing appearances by Dre &amp; Snoop.16.) Kim - The most disturbing track on the album. This one is about killing his girlfriend (now wife) Kim Scott. This was originally titled &quot;Bitch So Wrong.&quot;17.) Under the Influence - The catchiest hook provides that if you don't his music, you can ...18.) Criminal - The final track is about when he says he wants to kill someone, everyone thinks he will.Well, this has been a brief breakdown of the latest release from Eminem, &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP.&quot; If you love rap, you should definitely cop this. ...
 B000AA7B4I-884 POSITIVO  I listened to this album with the attitude that &quot;I'm not a rap fan, through ignorance I guess, I don't like Eminem. ...&quot; Basically I didn't expect to enjoy it at all, I was amazed. I knew this guy was a bit, y'know, nutty but this album is mad. I loved it. It kind of changed my entire opinion on rap (although that's a big generalisation to make), it had just about everything, catchy tunes, clever lyrics, deep booming bass, the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I'm a bit of a guitar fan myself (can't a have everything). I would recommend this albmu to anyone who isn't easily offended...ur wife and mother of your daughter are your ways of getting off. What on earth are you waiting for? BUY! If you are tired of that old-timey rap that delves into serious social issue about race, politics, economics, brotherhood. Again, you're in luck. Eminem doesn't care about any of that stuff either! My God, just put the CD on repeat and let the hate wash over you!And see, don't tell Eminem that he is ignorant. He's not. YOU ARE if you don't realize he's &quot;from the streets&quot; and therefore has a RIGHT to issue nazi venom against women, homosexuals, dead people, disabled people, fellow artists - OR, everyone who does not share his beliefs. And don't tell Em that he is giving rap a bad name. Because he's getting PAID baby. Cha-Ching! $$$$$$$ Just because his own mother is suing him, THAT DOESN'T MEAN HE'S A LOSER! I mean, if Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg thinks he's all right, then ALL RIGHT he is!Eminem has paid his dues. He's done drugs, gotten into fights, made an obscene record, gotten arrested, gotten a huge stinkin' pile of publicity from MTV/TRL. So that makes him a REAL ARTIST. What more do you want him to do to convince you to buy this cd? Actually have some artistic talent? PLEASE!Eminem's not twisted. YOU ARE if you don't immediately charge up your credit card and buy ten copies of this Marshall Mathers cd to hand out a Xmas. That way, you and your friends and family can gather round, hold hands, and rap along with Em - insulting everyone on God's green earth and making yourself look like an idiot in the process. Share the joy! Its your right and duty as American citizens! FINALLY, prove what a hardcore stud you are to everyone who questions your ability to &quot;be a man&quot; and &quot;keep it real.&quot; Because if you destroy others, as long as the beat is strong, that is what makes you a man after all. You betta ask somebody! (Oops, looks like I forgot to change this review to a five star rating. Because this sure is some high-quality rappin.') Oh well...BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD!
 B000AA7B4I-885 NEUTRO  Don't get me wrong, I probably know every word on this cd. I do enjoy it, but as far as quality... it's not so hot. Seems like all of the pesimistic stuff... kill em, screw em, beat em, bla bla bla... which critics attack, and MM himself claims is part of his everyday life is just interesting. It is DEFINETLY a little too hot for some, meaning not all can handle it. But there are some definite good beats, catchy lyrics, and so on. A downer would be the annoying interludes either reasuring us once again the Mather's doesn't care what we think, or some nasty action that most of us don't want to hear... now you're curious huh. I don't think this is a very good cd, probably not worth all it costs, but if you're interested it can be some fun.
 B000AA7B4I-886 POSITIVO  Though I'm not too keen on some of the stuff Eminem offends, I really like his music. The Marshall Mathers LP is really good. And he has talent whether or not you suckers believe it. My favorite songs are &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, &quot;Stan&quot;, &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, and &quot;Drug Ballad&quot;. Excellent vocals and this one bad boy can really rap. I love this CD. It's great!
 B000AA7B4I-887 POSITIVO  Eminems sophomore effort is full of hate, mysoginism, paranoia, and fear, and thats also what our society is full of lately, too. First off, as offensive and shocking as Eminem may be, he is an excellent songwriter, and at least deserves credit for that. Marshall Mathers LP is an excellent album in every aspect, one of the best rap albums of all time. From the incredibly catchy &quot;Real Slim Shady,&quot; the controversial &quot;Kill You,&quot; to &quot;Stan,&quot; the deepest song on the album that takes a serious look at how music affects some people, this album takes a deep look into the negative side of our society. Eminem takes on many personalities on this album, from the psycho who wants to kill his girlfriend and rape his mother, to the depressed rapper who hates boy bands amd just wants to be left alone. Anyone who is easily offended, I strongly advise you against buying this album. The lyrics on this album are very explicit, violent, and shocking. Like I said before, despite being controversial and sometimes offensive, this album is definitely essential listening, if not a must own. As a rap album it is one of the best, as an album it is a work of art. I repect Eminem for taking on important issues to the fullest extent, we need someone who speaks the truth about todays society.
 B000AA7B4I-888 POSITIVO  It's hard to know what to make of Eminem, even if you know that half of what he says is sincere and half is a put-on; the trick is realizing that there's truth in the joke, and vice versa. Many dismissed his considerable skills as a rapper and social satirist because the vulgarity and gross-out humor on The Slim Shady LP were too detailed for some to believe that it was anything but real. To Eminem's credit, he decided to exploit that confusion on his masterful second record, The Marshall Mathers LP. Eminem is all about blurring the distinction between reality and fiction, humor and horror, satire and documentary, so it makes perfect sense that The Marshall Mathers LP is no more or no less &quot;real&quot; than The Slim Shady LP. It is, however, a fairly brilliant expansion of his debut, turning his spare, menacing hip-hop into a hyper-surreal, wittily disturbing thrill ride. It's both funnier and darker than his debut, and Eminem's writing is so sharp and clever that the jokes cut as deeply as the explorations of his ruptured psyche. The production is nearly as evocative as the raps, with liquid bass lines, stuttering rhythms, slight sound effects, and spacious soundscapes. There may not be overpowering hooks on every track, but the album works as a whole, always drawing the listener in. But, once you're in, Eminem doesn't care if you understand exactly where he's at, and he doesn't offer any apologies if you can't sort the fact from the fiction. As an artist, he's supposed to create his own world, and with this terrific second effort, he certainly has. It may be a world that is as infuriating as it is intriguing, but it is without question his own, which is far more than most of his peers are able to accomplish at the dawn of a new millennium.
 B000AA7B4I-889 POSITIVO  ALL RIGHT, THE CD WAS AWSOME. BUT I HAVE THE EDITED. ANYWAY, THAT SONG &quot;KIM&quot; WHERE HE KILLED HIS GIRLFRIEND ISNT EVEN ON MY CD. IN A WAY, IM SORT OF GLAD. I DONT WANT TO LISTEN TO A SONG WHERE A DRUNK MAN IS GOING TO SLIT HIS WIFES THROAT! OK, NOW FOR SOME GOOD THINGS ABOUT THE CD. THAT SONG WHO KNEW IS REALLY COOL. IF YOU LIKE GOOD BEATS AND COOL LYRICS TO SONGS, LISTEN TO &quot;IM BACK&quot;. MARSHALL MATHERS IS A COOL SONG TOO. HOPE YOU ENJOY THE CD
 B000AA7B4I-890 POSITIVO  If you are considering buying this CD, I strongly encourage it. I understand many of you are forced to buy the edited version instead of the explicit versions, and are expecting dissapointment. You should be in for a pleasant surprise. The CD is better than the explicit version. &quot;Kim&quot; a violent, vulgar, boring song is replaced by a hilarious song callled &quot;The Kids&quot;, in which Eminem uses his great voice talents in a number of roles tellign a hilarious story through song. Classic Slim Shady. Another outstanding song is the hit &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, a great song with a catchy chorus. Another great song is the sad, but realistic song &quot;Stan&quot;, about a fan that kills himself and his pregnant girlfriend because Eminem doesn't respond to his letters. It shows the real Marshall Mathers. Other songs worth mentioning are &quot;The Way I Am&quot; (very catchy backbeat, great lyrics), and &quot;Criminal&quot; (cool lyrics). If you are still contemplating whether or not to buy this CD, take my word for it and purchase it.
 B000AA7B4I-891 POSITIVO  don't get me wrong, its a great cd. its just that the real slim shady is SO overplayed that it turns out to be one of the MOST annoying songs there are...but if you get rid of it, then its a great eminem angry rap album...he is getting real good
 B000AA7B4I-892 POSITIVO  I love Eminem. He is an awesome rapper. I listen to it 24/7.If you have strict parents, don't even consider it. When you go to buy a cd, with your strict parents, you want an edited version. The truth is, the only word that the just barely try to edit out is the &quot;F&quot; word. And, even then you can still tell what they are saying. So, careful parents and or careful kids/people, 'yall might not want it.
 B000AA7B4I-893 POSITIVO  Content aside, this guy can string together some great rhymes. Slick production, quick, concise articulation and aggressive delivery. Not too bad if you are not afraid of the content.
 B000AA7B4I-894 POSITIVO  I'm confounded, like so many others. Do I object the seeming viciousness, or do I argue artistic freedom? I'd rather cast aside the debate and revel in the artistic whole. Of his brilliance, there is no question - I'm no hip-hop authority, but I swear his verbal dexterity matches, in skill, Jay-Z and dare I say Rakim. His delivery, poetic, his poetry vile, disturbing, riveting, hilariously funny and mind-numbingly painful, and maybe that's the point, proving no more or less a threat to the psyche as a whole as any latest cinematic insult by the deplorable likes of a Greg Araki or a John Waters. As a gay man, his use of the 'F' word [as in anti-gay rhetoric] is not offensive to me as it is disappointing in his naive explanation for utilizing it...besides, as an equal opportunity offender, he has more despairing ghosts to fry. Is this the disgorging of a homophobic misanthrope? I don't think so. Is this the work of a genius satirist? Perhaps. Is it also a work of artistic triumph? Absolutely. Some hoped that the succubi that fed of his mind were finally purged for a kinder gentler future Marshall. But after 'The Eminem Show,' and '8 Mile' a kinder, gentler Eminem was no where to be found [although he's mellowing with the less than thrilling 'Encore']. But that would have been boring. If he is the end of the world as we know it, we'll be fine. My grade: A
 B000AA7B4I-895 POSITIVO  When Marshall Bruce Mathers climbed out of the underground and smashed into the mainstream with Slim Shady LP, his first album under Andre Young A.K.A. Dr. Dre's label, Aftermath, he was broke, on drugs, and wonderfully deranged. Two years later, with the release of arguably the greatest hip hop CD ever created (by a white man at least), he was rich, on drugs, and wonderfully deranged. They say he can't rap about being broke no more, but they ain't say he can't rap about coke no more. And so there it was, an insanely pissed off Eminem created a masterpiece album with a masterfully crafted selection of 14 controversial, lyrically rich, catchy, and intense, raging tracks along with a couple of good skits and a couple of bad skits. With the opening track, "Kill You", it becomes evident that the controversy surrounding Shady's first album wasn't enough, and "Kill You" serves as a perfect prelude to the powerful lyricism that is to come. On the very next track, "Stan", arguably Eminem's most powerful single, we are introduced to an obsessive fan who yearns for attention and ends up killing himself and his girlfriend by driving off a bridge. The message is strikingly strong, and coupled with a catchy Dido sample, makes a great song. Eminem seems at best when criticizing those who criticize him, which clearly shows on "Who Knew" and "I'm Back", clever and catchy songs. The two best tracks on the album would have to be "The Way I am" and "Marshall Mathers." On "The Way I am", Eminem is just on fire, with his anger just being lashed out like never before, and is the lyrical genius at his lyrical best. In "Marshall Mathers", he combines a catchy guitar riff with some of his best words, complaining about how nobody ever cared about him before. Other standouts include "Drug Ballad" and "The Real Slim Shady" and the album really closes with a bang in "Criminal." Lesser entries include "Amityville" and "Kim", the prequel to the great "97 Bonnie and Clyde" from Slim Shady LP, which are still good songs, but don't shine as well as the other tracks. Anger is what fuels Eminem and makes him great, but "Kim" is just a little too angry and doesn't work as well as Bonnie and Clyde. Overall, it adds up to Eminem's best album. EVER.1. PSA 2000: Funny PSA, better than PSA from Slim Shady LP (no rating)2. Kill You: Great controversial opening track, angry and catchy (4/5)3. Stan: Most powerful song on album (5/5)4. Paul: Short skit that serves basically no purpose (no rating)5. Who Knew: Hilarious song where Eminem blames parents and not his music for kids' actions (5/5)6. Steve Berman: Funny skit where sales agent has trouble selling Em's album. Background music is What's the Difference from Dr. Dre 2001 (no rating)7. The Way I am: Best song on album, and possibly in Eminem's illustrious career. (5/5)8. The Real Slim Shady: First single from album, hilarious, upbeat, and catchy, but seems out of place in album (4.5/5)9. Remember Me: Very little Eminem, not really fond of RBX and Sticky Fingaz part in this track, not a bad track but nothing special (3.5/5)10. I'm Back: Another hilarious, catchy song, takes shots at critics and N'Sync, catchy chorus. (5/5)11. Marshall Mathers: Pure genius. Revealing, takes us into the mind of marshall Mathers (5/5)12. Ken Kaniff: Uh... Just skip this skit (0/5)13. Drug Ballad: Em talking about drugs. Doesn't mean much but it is catchy. (4/5)14. Amityville: Rhymes could be better (3.5/5)15.B**** Please II: Star-studded and catchy (4/5)16. Kim: Prequel to 97 Bonnie and Clyde: graphic and insane even for Shady's standards (3/5)17. Under The Influence: OK track (3.5/5)18. Criminal: Ends with a bang with great verses, catchy chorus, and a funny skit inside the song. (5/5)
 B000AA7B4I-896 POSITIVO  Although Eminem receives a lot of heat from critics because of his vulgar lyrics and explicit content, he put together one of the best albums I have had the privilege of listening to. The "Marshal Mathers LP" is a true masterpiece and one of the only albums I can listen to all the way through without skipping a track. Because Eminem's first album (The Slim Shady LP) was so successful, many of his critics predicted he would be a one hit wonder. They concluded that he was just a flavor of the month and his second album was doomed to be a failure. However, Eminem proved them all wrong when his second album sold millions of copies within its first week of release. The success of this album elevated Eminem's status from a talented white rapper to a hip-hop icon.This album is packed with platinum singles including `The Real Slim Shady', `Stan', and `The Way I Am'. Although these songs are very popular, they are not among my favorites in the album. `Who Knew' is one of my favorite songs because Eminem responds to his critics by explaining that he did not know he would have such a tremendous impact on the kids who listen to his music. He says such things as, "Who woulda thought that Slim Shady would be something that you woulda bought, and make you get a gun and shoot at a cop, I just said it, I didn't know if you'd do it or not." Some of my other favorite songs include `Amityville', `Remember Me', and `Kill You' simply because they have incredibly catchy beats and Eminem is at his lyrical best.Although Eminem is considered one of the best rappers in the market today, this album does have some weak points. First of all, Eminem is very talented but he could improve his skills on riding a beat. What I mean by riding a beat is keeping his rap at the same speed as the beat of the song. On certain songs it seems as though he speeds up or slows down a little bit in order to get in sync with the beat. Also, the formula for this album is very similar to his first album. I am referring to the order in which the singles are released. The first single was `The Real Slim Shady' which was an upbeat catchy song that got everyone interested. The second single was `The Way I Am' which is a very dark and deep song. However, I suppose the formula works because his album went multi-platinum extremely quick. Despite a couple weak points, this album is defiantly worth investing your time and money in.
 B000AA7B4I-897 POSITIVO  ... If you can look past the contraversy, the explitives, homophobia, violence and sexism you will see the work of a genius.His second album The Marshall Mathers LP(2000) was the follow up to his debut album The Slim Shady LP(1999). He is part of a group called D12 (dirty dozen) and is well known as the "white boy" of rap. ...Tracks 1, 4, 6 and 12 are 'public servie announcements, and ... takes of certain people in the musice industry.My favourite songs of the album are Kill You, which is a rage filled song against his mother "... you think I wont choke no ... till her vocal chords dont work in her throat no more" "I dont believe in breathing, Im leaving air in your lungs just to hear you keep screaming" it is a very violent song, but listening past the literal words you get true emotion. Marshall Mthers is a song about the man himself, and how he's "just a regular guy, no-one ever gave a ... about" him till he was famous. My all time favourite has to be Stan, it is such a beautiful song, its about a fanatical fan whos twisted sense of reality ends up in murder and suicide. Its haunting chorus is a sample from the Dido song "thank you".A lot of the things he raps about are misunderstood I think, when talking about the Columbine high school shooting, a lot of people thought he was agreeing with it, but if you listen to the lyrics, he is saying that when it happens in middle class "middle america" it is a tragedy but when it happens in the ghettos every day no one cares. He makes a lot of sense if you listen to the songs, rather than hearing the swear words and passing it off as contraversial tripe.I would definately recommend this album to people who like good music, music with a meaning. It is definately not one for the children though, hence the Parents Advisory label, but definately give it a go, its worth every penny. I listen to it that much that the old biddy next door probably knows the words!!!
 B000AA7B4I-898 POSITIVO  I am not a big fan of rap. To me, it's just a bunch of guys talking about sex,sex, and yes, sex. But when I heard this album I was suprised to hear a rap about an obbessed fan, a rap about robbing a bank, a rap about murdering his girlfriend. I'm not saying that what he says in his songs are good, but they are very interesting to listen to. He speaks his mind and doesn't sugarcoat it like most of us do. He delivers what he has to say in such weird ways. Some are approached in a very comedic way. Such as Criminal and The Real Slim Shady. Others are very disturbing. Kim is probably the darkest song that I have ever heard in my life. He delivers it so perfectly, it's scary. ... truly amazing.list, no, and in some ways he is not to be taken seriously, as he is nothing more than an embodiment of the overly-masculine cliche, just one with superior mic skills. Eminem is self-aware of this contradiction, oft making references that parents should take a more active role and mediate the messages he and other rappers say to highly impressionable ears, an idea he discusses in &quot;Who Knew&quot;. From a purely artistic standpoint, his work is rough, unpolished and intriguing. His Marshall Mathers LP is not for the feint of heart, but for anyone willing to challenge their convictions and see beyond its latent contradictions, its certainly an adventure, if not an ultimately rewarding listen.Amityville are both sef-produced tracks in which Em expresses even more talent. Eminem releases &quot;Bitch Please 2&quot; which is a remix to the 1999 hot single from Snoop's album-TOP DOGG. Finally, his last two tracks have been the most contoversial, for &quot;Kim&quot; is a dark tale, for it is the prequel to &quot;97 Bonnie and Clyde&quot;, and &quot;Criminal&quot; which attacks homosexuals, among other things. Overall, the best disc released in the Y2K. Eminem, has been able to rise above and beyond the race barrier that exists in rap music. As Busta Rhymes recently said, &quot;He's the hottest, most talented MC out there right now!&quot; True Dat!
 B000AA7B4I-899 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP is A GREAT CD! I think it is amazing how he comes up with all those lyrics, and I'm so happy he promoted Dido. I bought his first CD, and though it's powerful, it's good! 1.The Public Service Annoucement 2000 was funny. It may have been pretty harsh, but if it you look at it the right way, it's downright funny. 2.Kill You is a jumpy song, though the lyrics may be not-nice, it's brilliant the way he rhymes and jokes. 3.Stan was VERY good. Stan is just so real, it makes you think there was a real person who was soooo devoted, that he killed himself because his favorite singer wasn't answering his fan mail. Also, I like how he featured Dido, because she's got a good voice, and she did her part well. 7.The Way I Am is another one of my favorite tracks. It's jumpy, EXTRAORDINARILY smooth (written well), and it jumps out. It really shows that &quot;I am whatever you say I am&quot;, and expresses how he feels when people judge him. 8.The Real Slim Shady is like a sequel to the Slim Shady song, it's really funny, and I LOVE his views on Britney Spears and Christina Aguleira. 11.Marshall Mathers- the song everyone thinks is the worst. I think it's awesome, it's well written to show that he was and is &quot;just a regular guy&quot;. 12.Ken Kaniff (skit)- the one song I hate. It is not worth listen to, because it isn't a song, it's something I don't want to mention. 18.Criminal is probably my favorite song on the album. It's creative and really shows that people judge him, and other rappers unfairly.I liked most of the songs. He's got a very rhythmic was of writing songs, and I think it makes them sound better.I would net let kids under 11 or 12 listen to this though, the words are not very pleasant, and even the edited version still lets [some profanity] get through.Otherwise, it's a good CD, and if you like rap, at least try it! Thank you
 B000AA7B4I-900 POSITIVO  I actually won this CD in a contest and even though I am a hard rock fan, I just have to say this is a masterpiece! This album is a lot more darker and maturer than his last one, but he still manages to keep his witty, sacarstic, and pleasantly vulgar style intact. He raps about obssessed fans, drugs, media, and of course his wife, Kim (although violently, check out &quot;Kim&quot;). There are even a few skits scattered throughtout the album, as was on his last one. &quot;Ken Kaniff&quot; is just hilarious. Eminem is making fun of the Insane Clown Posse again! In this one, the Posse have quite an intimate time with each other, and the mood ultimately changes when Shaggy utters the word,&quot;Eminem.&quot; Just hilarious! There's also a short skit of Eminem doing a bankjob during &quot;Criminal&quot; and he walks off with the command,&quot;Don't kill anybody!&quot; Ha. Eminem doesn't take lip from anybody! All in all, this is a great album for all hip hop fans alike. It is certainly Eminem's greatest work. Get it now!
 B000AA7B4I-901 POSITIVO  This CD is the best I've bought all year. It is better than the Slim Shady LP by a long shot. Almost every song on this CD is awesome. If you buy this CD, you'll be making a good move buying this 5 star CD!
 B000AA7B4I-902 POSITIVO  First off, I want to say that I'm a 34-year-old hip-hop head who was there to see RUN-DMC on the &quot;Fresh Fest&quot; tour (with double dutch jumpers and &quot;Poppers and Breakers&quot;) back in '85 (?). Since then, there have been countless MESSIAHS to come down the pike (2pac, PE, BDP, Eric B and Rakim, NWA) and I believe MM to be one of the best. This is a starkly personal disc, full of what put him where he is in the first place. Granted, its not as fun and funny as the first LP, but I think that MM has become much more than what he was when DRE discovered him. His grasp of the language is absolutely incredible and his flow is beyond definition. His voice, though annoying to some, provides the perfect complement to his compadres (X, DRE) and his diction is phat, considering the amount of syllables spat per-minute. Finally, although his point of view may, at times, be controversial, at least he provides the listener with the opportunity to re-consider their morals/values. P.S. If DMX had something to say, I might like him better....
 B000AA7B4I-903 POSITIVO  Sup, everyone anyone who heard this C.D and didn't like it well there must be something wrong wit you. This C.D is awesome with 18 riviting songs that just get you going, with all those songs on it you really get your moneys worth. everything he sings about is right and people that take him really seriously need to chill out for real. All is explained in song number 3 &quot;Stan&quot;. The only song on there that i didn't like was the one that he was dissing ICP, cause ICP are awesome, but apart from that this C.D is awesome and if you don't have it then go out right now and get it from Amazon.
 B000AA7B4I-904 POSITIVO  I knew that Eminems new cd, the Marshall Mathers LP, had to be good but I never expected it to be as good as it turned out to be. This album is totally amazing, every song on it is incredibly great or at least good. I recommend this cd to anyone who already owns the Slim Shady LP and also to anyone that loves hip hop.
 B000AA7B4I-905 POSITIVO  If your offended by anything, this CD isn't for you. This CD is a much needed slap in the face to the &quot;pc&quot; public. With songs like &quot;Who Knew&quot; and &quot;Criminal&quot;. How many people take shots at Christopher Reeves? Well Eminem does and it's funny. If you can't laugh at some of the lyrics on this CD then what do you laugh at? Eminem is a riot, and he isn't just a &quot;white rapper&quot;, he's a rapper. Period. Don't take everything so serious, it's just music.
 B000AA7B4I-906 POSITIVO  I think that any person in their right mind should have this cd. It is so emotional. Eminem does swear a lot in this cd, but that's just his way of expressing his feelings. He is a wonderful rapper, and this cd is definatly worth the money that you'll pay for it!
 B000AA7B4I-907 POSITIVO  All of you people out there...this is a great cd! In this cd, Slim Shady (Eminem), isn't swearin for the heck of it. In this cd, he actually describes his life to his fans. I'd give this cd an A+++! For people who don't like people swearing in there songs, you should get the edited version. I think you guys will make the right choice. Thanks!
 B000AA7B4I-908 POSITIVO  I am not usually a fan of rap, but I really liked this CD. To parents and those who can't really handle Eminem's extreme personality this CD is difenitely not for u. I really have a problem with &quot;Kim.&quot; The song gave me nightmares after the first time I listened to it... now I just program my CD player to skip it. The whole thing about beating and then killing his wife after he catches her cheating is just a little too intense for me. Eminem shows origality with this CD. If u just like his song &quot;The Real Slim Shady,&quot; the rest of the CD is not really like it. The &quot;Real Slim Shady&quot; is pretty much the only song that can be played on the radio. He says some really outragious things in this CD. All in all this CD is really good but also really intense.
 B000AA7B4I-909 POSITIVO  I'm not even much of a rap fan, but I have to say... this album is satirical, serious and absolutely hilarious! The Slim Shady LP is also good, but not as personal or brilliantly explicit. This is the music that could kill that Britney Spears garbage. I could just see all the kids now, and it makes me cautiously smile.
 B000AA7B4I-910 POSITIVO  Marshall Mathers totally has something to say about people and boy and girl bands that he does not like and I really respect that. Not only does he speak his mind on what he thinks...he doesnt care what others think of him because of it. I respect that because it is a lot like me. I think this is a great buy for anyone who likes, well, a twisted sort of sense of humor. Keep it up Slim Shady
 B000AA7B4I-911 POSITIVO  But wasn't that to be expected? Slim Shady was disturbing as well, but Marshall Mathers truly allows us to get inside his head.. and even though you may not want to be there, you can't help but get into Eminem's definite talent and unique sound. Listening to 'Kim' made me shiver, wondering HOW can one person feel so strongly about another, and it was mesmerizing and not in a good way. Em is definitely a true talent - not studio engineered - but TRUE to heart, and I hope to hear more from him soon.
 B000AA7B4I-912 POSITIVO  Oh my gosh! This CD is great! The Marshall Mathers LP is even better then Eminem's first CD,if that's possible. His lyrics flow together like an Edger Allan Po poem with changed words.His lyrics also come straight from real life, either his life or life in modern culture.Even though his lyrics may just seem some white man trying to act black talking about drugs, sex, and violence, all of his words actually mean something.He trys to strech the limits of language, but it all means something.He defenitly takes advantage of the freedom of speech law. Like most people, I think that Stan is his best song, although it is closely followed by &quot;I am&quot; and &quot;Criminal.&quot;So if you don't care about bad words and are not easily offended, then I very highly reccomend this CD!
 B000AA7B4I-913 POSITIVO  Eminem's The Marshall Mathers Lp is a great rap cd. I am not a huge fan of rap, but like Eminem's stuff. This cd I thought was at once his best cd, but after going back and listening to The Slim Shady LP this is not as original or great as his first one. Still the best songs are Stan, The Way I Am, Criminal, Im Back, Marshall Mathers and of course The Real Slim Shady. This is well worth your money, but if you are deciding between both his cds get The Slim Shady LP first then this one. His first lets you understand the skits on this one better.
 B000AA7B4I-914 POSITIVO  sheepnut, cranky reviewer and music fan are all the SAME PERSON??????I realize many, many people don't get Eminem's irony, but he is what he is, and before you bought the CD, had you never heard of him before? Didn't have a clue what to expect? The reason he's been called a genuis is the way he laces together words that have weight into a melody that you have to move to. If he wasn't a rapper, he'd probably find some other creative way to express the frustration of his life. Millions are drawn to him, and it's not just angry young men who have been brainwashed by the violence-hungry media. I'm a 40 year old woman, a mother, a professional, and I think he's brilliant. I do not take offense to anything he says because I GET IT. While the songs ARE about anger, frustration, &amp; violence, I don't believe he's ACTUALLY a misogynist or homophobe. I think he's a man who has been let down by the very people he should be able to trust with his life and who claimed to love him, and he's getting it out through his music. This CD is worth every penny, then some. I wouldn't let my 8-tear old son listen to the explicit version, but that's because HE'S EIGHT and doesn't understand much about irony and the weird little nuances of life and art. But he will, and then I'll let him listen to whatever he wants to, because I will trust that I taught him what I thought was important to know (love, respect, compassion, honesty) and the rest is up to him.
 B000AA7B4I-915 POSITIVO  Whoa. This CD is awesome. I've listened to both the edited and unedited versions and the only difference I found was that bad words are edited and The Kids was on the edited and Kim was on the unedited. They are both great songs. I am 12 years old and have the edite version of the CD. I would recommend the edited for kids my age though.
 B000AA7B4I-916 POSITIVO  Em, what happened? Where's the self-deprecating humor of &quot;The Slim Shady LP?&quot;I sure hope Em's not believing the hype and taking himself too seriously. He's mad at just about everyone (DJs, Christina Aguilera, NSYNC, the media, parents, etc., etc., etc. ad nauseum.) Sometimes it gets to be repetitive (&quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; is probably the worst track on this CD,) but oftentimes Em shows the lyrical skills that made &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; so great.&quot;Steve Berman&quot; is a great dig at the record industry, which no one can treat too badly for me ... &quot;The Way I Am&quot; is probably Em at his angriest, raging at parents in Columbine and his &quot;sudden&quot; relatives.But the best song on the album is &quot;Stan.&quot; Eminem takes on the guise of one of his obsessed fans writing him letters. The lyrics get more disturbed as the song goes on. The beats and the melody are gripping, and whoever chose Dido to provide backup vocals is a genius. Her haunting voice takes the song to a new level, one that I didn't think Eminem was capable of reaching. &quot;Stan&quot; is one of the best songs of any style to come out in years. The album's worth buying just for it alone.So just buy the album and enjoy the music. Hopefully it entertains you, because THAT'S ALL IT'S SUPPOSED TO DO!!! ... ENDthers LP's vicegerents favor a lifestyle that is as insecure as Eminem's reports. to the ears. I just can't take it. The only artist that makes me cringe more is Macy Gray with her high-pitched, nasal, RASPY delivery. My advice to the &quot;artist&quot;: Save part of your profits for therapy for yourself and your daughter. She will need it. Especially after you've disrespected half her family (including yourself) to the world. And if she complains, hey! Write a scathing rap about her too and do the MTV/Kurt Loder/TRL marketing circuit to make sure the public is aware of its availability.My advice to the American public: wait till this cd shows up in the bargain bin (and there's always Napster).
 B000AA7B4I-917 POSITIVO  I LOVE this cd! it is the BOMB! i would suggest it to teenagers 12 and up. If you like dr. dre, nelly, kid rock, and dmx, you will LOVE The Marshall Mathers LP! Of course i listen to the lyrics, but i dont go doin' crazy stuff, and, parents, i'm 13! The reason i reccomended it for kids over 12 is that i don't think little kids should hear all that until they are old enough to understand what to and not to say!
 B000AA7B4I-918 POSITIVO  Marshall Mathers is a brilliant and witty lyricist, as well as a tormented soul. If you can remember a time in your life when you hated everyone, including yourself, and can now laugh about it, you will undoubtly find this album hillarious. If you're easily offended, don't remember dark times in your life, or are a child, The Marshall Mathers LP is NOT for you.
 B000AA7B4I-919 POSITIVO  This is one album you shouldn't play around your parents. That being said, read on...On this new album, 26 year-old Marshall Mathers demonstrates the same talent that the Notorious B.I.G. was able to showcase on &quot;Ready To Die&quot; - that is, convincingly play multiple characters through his rap voice a la &quot;Gimme The Loot&quot; or &quot;Warning&quot;. Eminem does this best on two tracks: &quot;Stan&quot; a fatal tale about an obsessed fan and &quot;Kim&quot;, the psychotic 'rock' musical prequel to &quot;97 Bonnie &amp; Clyde&quot;. New age singer Dido (check her out) sings the hook on &quot;Stan&quot;, and her voice has a haunting effect that will have you hitting repeat over and over again (trust me). BUT, there are others. Yes, &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; is a cool song...but isn't it a little old since it's EVERYWHERE? But on the other hand, &quot;Kill You&quot; (pardon the title) is tight cuz you know he means it (the emotion, not the crime!) and &quot;Who Knew&quot; will probably make the radio because it's still 'Slim Shady' in lyrical content and it makes you wanna dance. (Turn your party out on this one people...)The other bangers (in my opinion) are &quot;B. Please Part II&quot; , &quot;The Way I Am&quot; (kinda has a 2Pac feel to it) and &quot;Remember Me&quot; with tight cameos from Sticky Fingas and RBX (from the original Chronic). I LOVE THIS SONG!All eyez were on Eminem for 'The Marshall Mathers LP' because he had a tough act to follow after the first album. He also had a wide cross-section of fans to please, which made pleasing the record buying public more difficult. ... I find this to be a good album cuz you can't deny talent, and Eminem has got it.
 B000AA7B4I-920 POSITIVO  Okay, I really didn't like rap until I heard The Real Slim Shady at a school dance. I thought it was pretty cool so I bought the edited version of the CD. IT ROX! I couldn't believe how something so controversial could be so expemplary. If anyone actually listens to the CD, they would know the Eminem doesn't really mean anything in his rapping. Most people don't like rap and just read the lyrics, but its not about the lyrics. I mean most of the time, you can't even understand the lyrics at first! This is a good CD for people who have overprotective parents. IT ROX!
 B000AA7B4I-921 POSITIVO  For those who concentrate heavily on lyrical content rather than hooks and beats, I would recommend not listening to this album. At all. However, for those of us who tend to laugh-off Eminem's twisted and demented outlook on life, get ready to enjoy his sophomore set. Listening to &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; is actually like sitting through a movie, albeit, a violent one. Eminem's style of rapping changes from track to track; from a comical/I'm-just-kiddin' tone, to a sympathetic, almost normal tone, to a downright shut-up-or-I'm-gonna-kill-you shriek of violence. This, fused in with the infectious beats and hooks (not to mention the almost hysterically funny skits) makes this album stand out among most of the records released in the last 10 years or so. I reiterate, if you're gonna take what he's rapping about seriously, don't even bother popping this into your CD player. You're the one who may suffer a cardiac arrest; what with all the stress and anger you pent up after listening to about only 3 tracks. If that happens, I'll bet you're gonna be on Eminem's third set.
 B000AA7B4I-922 POSITIVO  Okay ... here it goes: Back when his first album came out, I was not impressed with him at all. &quot;My Name is ...&quot;? Come on! Then when this album came out, I swore to myself, that here was another album I was going to avoid like the plague. However, the catchy little tune: &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; was (and is) a good song and I couldn't deny it. I liked it because it mirrored many of my own views, and while it was at it's heart a fun song, it was also a very funny song, and since there was no single -- except on vinyl, and I do not own a turntable (as of yet) -- I decided to take the risk and buy the CD. It turned out to be a gamble that paid off in spades. Every song on that CD is a gem. And it was actually it a pleasure to own it, haters be damned. I'll admit I was wrong about the guy -- or maybe I was right, but I had to accept him on his own terms, and then and only then I would enjoy his music. That's what turned out to be the truth. The guy definitely has talent. I went out and bought his first CD, and I'm even enjoying that quite a bit. I am a fan of Eminem now, truth be told. I know that my review is sort of jumbled up here -- suffice it to say that I wanted to another review I read on here and say that even if you are not a fan of Eminem, or Slim Shady, or whatever the hell else he calls himself, it would be wise ot give him another listen. Even though he might be offensive on some issues, you might find that you agree with some of the things he's saying on other tracks. I give this album an A+.
 B000AA7B4I-923 POSITIVO  Wow! this album puts off more energy and feeling then a 200 watt lighbulb. Eminem has released another fat album that pours out honesty and emotion, and makes you think about his past. It surpasses Slim Shady LP and then some! It's a must have item..get it!
 B000AA7B4I-924 POSITIVO  this cd is cool because it has awesome lyrics and eminem is the best rapper.don't be offended by it because most of the stuff he says is just joking.
 B000AA7B4I-925 POSITIVO  Wow! This is one of the best rap songs I ahve ever heard. Sure, it has some &quot;Inappropriate&quot; language, but who cares? It's still good! I recommend this C.D to anyone and everyone!
 B000AA7B4I-926 NEUTRO  Dude, I wonder why they only play white rappers on the rock stations.
 B000AA7B4I-927 POSITIVO  Remember the first time you heard &quot;The Chronic&quot;, by Dr. Dre or &quot;Nevermind&quot;, by Nirvana and you thought to yourself nothing in the world is better than this? Well, that's the way I felt the first time I heard this CD. Being a fan of all genres of music I had to give this CD a listen. I was amazed from beginning to end. I rarely put in a CD and listen to it top to bottom the first time, but this was an exception. I couldn't believe how tight the rythms were and how great of a flow Em has.'Stan' has to be the best track. I cannot believe the emotion this song invokes. Not only lyrically, but musically as well. The opening puts you in the mood and pulls you into the rappers world. You almost get teary eyed at the end.'Marshall Mathers' is another stand out cut from this CD. It proves that some artists just want to be themselves in the midst of their popularity. Sometimes this is lost when fame gets to your head, but Em seems to know what's what.'The Real Slim Shady' sounds more like a cut from his first CD with it's attitude and all, but fits well in the new mix.'Kill You' is absolutely amazing. He invokes emotions that we all have sometimes, but are afraid to tell anyone about. I love this song.'Criminal' is a great humorous look at how he really feels (artistically, not literally) about himself and how others perceive him.I can't get into everything because of the explicit nature of the CD. If you are easily offended then you need to skip this one, but if you understand that it's all artistic expression and not to be taken literally then this CD is one for you to pick up. Also if you want to bump a little jams through your stereo this one satisfies quite well.
 B000AA7B4I-928 POSITIVO  At the time of this review, it has been almost 2 and a half years since the release of Eminem's highly successful and highly controversial sophomore album, "The Marshall Mathers LP." Alot has changed since then: Eminem has grown into a wiser lyricist and even a quality producer; people are still taking shots at Eminem because he is a white rapper in a black man's world; and Eminem is still the same angry blonde we all know and love...or despise, which ever you prefer.Even when Eminem calls it quits and retires from hip-hop completely, the moment that all of his fans and critics will remember him for will be this album. It has become the most successful hip-hop album to date, it garnered two Grammy's and it is the reason so many people love to hate Eminem. He gives it to you with no sugar coating whether you like it or not. Many were content with writing Eminem off as the token white-rapper to come along every two years or so. But once Eminem started showing up on albums like "The Chronic 2001," people realized that this white boy might be hanging around for a little while longer than his light-skinned predecessors."The Marshall Mathers LP" lets you dive head first into Eminem's world. Songs like "Criminal" and "The Real Slim Shady" show the lighter, more comical side to Eminem that true hip-hop heads love to hate about him. However, he gains his street cred on hard-hitting opus's like "The Way I Am" and "Marshall Mathers." He lets all his critics know that he will change no matter what on songs like "Who Knew" and "I'm Back," while giving those same critics more "ammo" from songs like "Kim" and "Kill You." This album has everything you would look for in a classic album: Comedy, drama, sarcasm and reality.The one track that makes this album worth-while is "Stan." An overzealous fan who takes his fascination with Eminem over the edge will be remembered as the song that gained Eminem some credibility with musicians outside hip-hop. For an artist who was heavily bashed for being a "gay-basher," isn't it odd that an person like Elton John would come to Eminem's defense when dealing with the gay and lesbian community. I'm sure everyone is tired of hearing about this duet over and over again, but it was truly a critic-silencing moment....especially when Eminem lifted up his favorite fingers at the end of the performance.Many people, however, will never be able to see past his skin color. They will credit his success to the fact that he appeals to the widest audience possible. They will not see that underneath the skin, there is an unbelievably talented rapper with skill and charisma to be one of the best in the short, but storied history of hip-hop. Period.
 B000AA7B4I-929 POSITIVO  This CD is fabulous. Almost every song on here is amazing. There is a lot of foul language and ideas here, so this is not for young kids (I probably heard this earlier than I should) or the weak of heart. However, if you can take it, don't let the negative press keep you from enjoying one of the best rap albums ever. The only songs I skip over when listening to this are 9 and 10.The two stand out tracks on this are Stan and Kim. Stan is an amazing song. It does something that no other rap song has ever done: effectively tell a story. Other rap songs have attempted to tell one, but have always included pointless stuff just so it sounds good. This song sounds amazing, and is truly touching.Kim is the other standout track on here. Many people think this is an awful track. I am here to tell you it is not. The emotion put into this song is truly amazing. Rather than just yelling insults at his wife, he shows true emotion. [The lyrics] show how emotionally scattered he is after finding his wife cheating on him with his brother. It is obvious that he doesn't hate her, he is just enraged. It is kind of hard to explain exactly what he puts into this song. Just listen to it with an open mind, rather than assuming he is yelling nonsense, and you will understand what I mean.Overall, this is probably my favorite CD ever. Eminem is the most skilled rapper alive (RIP Tupac). He delivers rhymes that you would never think of. "That's the sound of a bottle when you swallow it all, wallow and drown in your sorrow, and tomorrow your probably gonna wanna do it again. What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend?" And other lines like this. (...)
 B000AA7B4I-930 POSITIVO  ... face it his cds great except for a couple of songs. every single skit is horrible and kim is perhaps the biggesy mistake on a song marshall has ever made. half of the words don't rhyme and the point of the song horrifies me. now to the upsides of the cd. the hilarious under the influence, classic westcoast b*** please 2, and stan which has some of the best lyricism i have ever heard are all standout tracks. another upside: how mathers approaches political and social problems. on the way i am he rebels against the whole community but still has a hit song. the beats are all great most having that my name is feel to them but others like the killer bass on stan are sure to have heads noddin. if u want to hear some great talent and don't analyze lyrics toomuch pick this up. peace out.'s a commercial success but not a sellout. Whatever paranoia haunts his music haunts his life. This CD is a must-buy more for hard-core rap fans than for the NSYNC crowd that has made it so popular.....People who like Eminem should check out other 'underground' MCs who rap pretty insanely. Kool Keith under all of his alteregos one-ups Eminem in almost every department (including rapping about being a serial killer.... strangely....) Ice-T is just as raw and his Body Count stuff would appeal to the same audience (if they get that he's being funny too....). Even old stuff-- Too $hort-- is lots in the same vein.... I'd get this disc though... though the first one might be better....hink that he has no influence on kids and what they think.I will agree with Eminem that there are a bunch of stupid people out there who want to blame their bad parenting skills on rap music and movies and television but on the same hand entertainers need to realize the power they hold. Maybe his pile of money has grown so mountainous that he cant see over it to see the damage he is doing? argh.I will admit that the album is crafted well, the beats are on and the rhymes are clever.I just dont dig what Eminem says. Its a drag.To hear Eminem's flippant 'f' you style was amusing. The charm has worn off. Maybe the fans (or was that 'STAN'?) will wake up and realize that the people who buy this album are the ones being made fun of. hmmmm.If you are going to buy it, theres nothing I can say to stop you.Just remember Vanilla Ice. Angry bleached headed white boy with ghetto cred that made all the kids go crazy. Just think of Eminem as Vanill Ice, the remix. zzzzzzz.PS. I gave this album 1 star becuz amazon wont let you give it zero stars. not because i endorse it.
 B000AA7B4I-931 NEUTRO  On The Marshall Mathers LP, one thing is for sure: Eminem doesn't show the great musical talents he has as much as he did on his last record. Lots of the beats are very similar, and the music isn't all that impressive.And even what he's supposed to be best at, rapping, isn't as high-quality as on his debut. He always seems to be rapping about the same stuff on this one-people getting... off at him for his dirty language. There are a few good songs, like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Criminal,&quot; but not enough to consider this as a great LP.If you are looking for some great Eminem rap, I would definitely recommend the Slim Shady LP. The music part of it is much better, and the rhymes are more creative.
 B000AA7B4I-932 POSITIVO  ok. go get this album. believe me, you will not regret purchasing this album. all the songs are down-to-earth and some of it are not meant to be taken seriously - just for the fun of it. it's great to hear Eminem lambasting his mother, wife, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Jennifer Lopez, Puff Daddy, *NSync, NKOTB, Christopher Reeves, Kurt Cobain, Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Spice Girls and many more. once you listen to it, you will never want to stop. P/S: don't buy this unless you have an open mind and a sense of humour AND a Slim Shady lurking inside you. This album certainly ROCKS!Period.
 B000AA7B4I-933 POSITIVO  The Ken Kaniff skit was just plain descusting it'll giva ya nightmares. But, the rest of the cd was good!
 B000AA7B4I-934 POSITIVO  Thsi album is a change from his original CD 'The Slim Shady LP' it is more offensive and darker but I think it is just as good. I liked the 'The Slim Shady LP' and I also like 'The Marshall Mathers LP' just as much. Both have there own good qualities. 'Marshall Mathers' is more personal while 'Slim Shady' was funnier and more of a joke. You don't have to agree with Eminem's views and opinion to like this album. I don't but I think that Eminem is a very good rapper. Just remember this CD is not responsible for your or anyone else's action
 B000AA7B4I-935 NEGATIVO  I copied this cd onto my computer from my friend, but i never put it on a cd. The beats on the cd were some of the best i have heard, but eminem doesn't really rap about anything on this cd. i loved his last cd, but this one is no where as good. other rappers are rapping about things that they go through or things that have meanin and it is worth listening to. But the except for a couple songs, the lyrics on this cd made me embaressed to listen to it around any of my friends or family. I would tell someone unless you don't listen to lyrics and only listen to the beats, ..., i consider it a disgrace to rap.b ,b ,jb
 B000AA7B4I-936 POSITIVO  WHAT A FOLLOW-UP. LOVE IT. BUY IT. THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP IS THE BEST ALBUM TO COME OUT THIS YEAR.
 B000AA7B4I-937 NEGATIVO  Beeeeeep!Beeeeeeep! unless you want to listen to beeep! all the time, then get the unedited one. i dont recomend it to little kids! i recomend the UNEDITED one to little kids! i mean come on, they are going to learn these words sometime in their lives. i am a big eminem fan, but not for the edited ones!
 B000AA7B4I-938 POSITIVO  Eminem's the "Marshall Mathers LP" is a very good peice of art that has fortunately got the attention it deserved. [If] Eminem's first album "Slim Shady LP" was a dark record[,] ... this record is an even darker album ... which makes it even more appealing to buy ... "Stan" a twisted tale of worship and hatred as Em raps as Stan, an obsessed fan over Dido's single "Thank You". Stan repeatedly sending letters to Em never gets a letter back, so, he drinks till he can't see, throws his pregnant wife in the trunk of his car and drives off the side of a bridge, oddly enough, Em writes him back two weeks later. After the shock of "Stan" wears off, you'll get a taste of regular Em on "Who Knew", where he as usual spits disses to everyone alive (and dead) over a corky beat. Next is another diss spitting track, but this time it's a heavy and dark beat over which Em spits on "The Way I Am". Trying to sugarcoat himself a little bit, Em brings out a part two of "My Name Is" on the infectious little pop anthem "The Real Slim Shady". Following up this the regular Em formula on tracks like "Remember Me", "I'm Back", and "Marshall Mathers", but then, a very disgusting skit completely dissing Shaggy 2 Dope and Violent J of I.C.P (Insane Clown Posse) on "Ken Kaniff". Following up this the poppy "Drug Ballad", the darker and more gangsta rap feel of "Amityville" and the occasional diss collabo with Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg ... ... Following this up are two more Em diss songs, including the ending track "Criminal".I am very glad people are finally realizing Em is a great artist and should be rewarded for such good material. I hope after reading this review, you will go take a very good listen to this album and realize how good it is, and if you don't have it, you will buy it.
 B000AA7B4I-939 POSITIVO  Even if you don't like SlimShady you have to love his music and his ablity to express himself. If you enjoy comicly songs and don't mind the profanity, then this CD is for you. Except for the song, &quot;Remember&quot; every track is great. So if you enjoy rap, and if are the type of person who doesn't like having to skip tracks on a CD then theMarshall Mathers LP is for you. Ohh by the way, yes the Marshall Mathers LP is the best rap CD ever made. EVER!
 B000AA7B4I-940 POSITIVO  This CD is absoulutely amazing. The beats are awesome. Every single song on it is good. Criminal and Kill You are so funny. You will listen to this CD all the time. Liked The Slim Shady LP then you'll love the Marshall Mathers LP. Stan is a great song and the best on the CD. Marshall Mathers is also very good because Em is realizing what it's like to be famous. As he says in the track &quot;All of a sudden I've got 90 something cousins.&quot; The Real Slim Shady is great but most of the songs are better than it. If you think every song will be like The Real Slim Shady then you're wrong. The Real Slim Shady is a single because its the only song that wouldn't be to vulgar for MTV or the radio. Anyway, just buy the CD and you can't go wrong. But beware, the return of Ken Kaniff is pretty sick but still hilarious.
 B000AA7B4I-941 POSITIVO  i just got this cd 2day cuz all the stores were sold out so u know this is already a tight cd and its way better than his cd before i can't even explain it so just get it believe me youll be happy u did
 B000AA7B4I-942 POSITIVO  i got this the very first day it came out. it's incredible. if you liked the slim shady lp, then you will almost definitely like this album.it isn't totally noticeable, but i think this album is slightly darker than the first one. it just sort of puts me in a darker mood. anyways, awesome album. i'd definitely recommend it to anyone and their grandmothers.-will
 B000AA7B4I-943 POSITIVO  I brought the CD yesterday, after hearing some songs in my friends car, but i was to sleepy to listen to it, I listen to whole CD tonight and i was totally stunned. I'm not even going to sit here and say i'm an Eminem fan, this is the only album i have of his and haven't heard anything from the first one except what the played, but this CD was hot and so true. And Bama girl that said it was offensive to woman, please, he just sayin' what he's feeling, and i know that song Kim will hit some string with some of you guys out there. Yo buy the CD it's worth the money. Don't forget to roll down the window and blast the radio for your favorite song. WARNING! this album is great for releasing stress, not recommend to be listened to if you have road rage. :)
 B000AA7B4I-944 POSITIVO  This cd was tight. I loved it. All my homies wanted to listen to it. There are a lot of tight raps on it. All the songs are funny and have nice beats. Eminem is great and so is Marshall Mathers. My favorite songs are tracks 8,11, and 16. PSA2000, Steve Berman, Paul, Ken Kannif, and Kim are not rap songs but either skits or Eminem killing his wife, Kim Scott, even though they got remarried after Slim Shady.
 B000AA7B4I-945 POSITIVO  In 1999 Eminem burst on the scene from out of nowhere with his outrageous debut The Slim Shady Lp .. A year later some over three million albums sold.. Guest Apperances with people like Missy Elliott, Madd Rapper, Late Notorious B.I.G, appearance on The Next Friday Soundtrack.. Eminem return with his second effort.. This is actually better then his first one of the main reasons Dre has more to do with this album out of the 16 cuts not counting the skits.. Dre is responsible for 7 of them so it isnt surprising the best moments on this disc come when Dre at the controls.. Not saying the other songs arent worth listening to.. Because they are also but Dre puts it down like he only knows how in matter of fact some of the cuts he did for Eminem are better then some of the cuts he did for his own cd.. Among the highlights they are: Stan, The Real Slim Shady, Remember Me ( Featuring Sticky Fingaz &amp; RBX), I'm Back, B. Please II (Featuring Dr. Dre, Snoop, Xzhibit, Nate Dogg), The Way I am
 B000AA7B4I-946 POSITIVO  eminem does it agine this cd it the probly the best cd ever phat beats and killer flows the best songs are all the songs any person that dosent think eminem came out tight on this cd can eat as dick
 B000AA7B4I-947 POSITIVO  Although I am not a big fan of rap music, this is one of the best CDs I have. The music is excellent.Although it is a little dark it still is interesting, it is great music to listen to in any mood..
 B000AA7B4I-948 POSITIVO  If your a fan of eminem this a a must have album. Great beats you can dance to. Explicit lyrics.
 B000AA7B4I-949 POSITIVO  Eminem has always been my favorite rapper. I even have a poster of him on my bedroom wall and the diamond platinum selling Marshall Mathers LP proves why. So all you people in the review section insulting this album need to get your heads checked with a brain surgist. To all you people saying this album is disturbing and violent... you're quite right. But some of it's actually easy to relate to. Now about the negative talk about "Kill You" and "Kim" I don't have a defence for other than the songs are not to be taken literally. Neither of those songs I like but the rest of the album makes up for it, believe me. The music can actually have a wide range. From the catchy "The Real Slim Shady" to the darker song "Marshall Mathers", the album is packed with amazing songs and surprises.Despite all of the gay groups saying the album is homophobic, I love it and I have to agree with many fans that it's Eminem's greatest album. It's very disturbing in a few parts yes, but it can sometimes be funky like in "Drug Ballad" or even beautiful in "Stan" with a great guest appearence by Dido.My personal top five favorites in order are:1. B Please 2(Featuring Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg, and Xzibit)2. The Real Slim Shady3. Stan(Featuring Dido)4. Drug Ballad5. Marshall MathersProbably one of the most recent hip hop classics, The Marshall Mathers LP completely deserves those four-five star reviews I'm seeing out there. Incredible lyrics and talent in this album. In simple terms: an extremely powerful effort from one of the most talented MCs to ever grace the rap genre.
 B000AA7B4I-950 POSITIVO  I think that they have some cool songs on this cd. My best track is number 8! Number 8 is I'm Still Shady I'm the Real Shady all the other Slim Shadies are just imitating! YEAH! The rest range from 0.0 to ok! What i mean is that some songs are downright boring! Number 13, 15, 5, 2, 3, and number 17 is cool. Number 17 is also funny! It goes &quot;Shney Ney Ney Ney Ney Ney Ney Ne Nekh&quot;
 B000AA7B4I-951 POSITIVO  This is a AWESOME cd I listen to it 24/7! My boyfriend is the one who got me started on liking Eminem! I was at his Birthday party he played the whole CD like 60 times or something the two best songs are &quot;Under the Influence&quot; And &quot;I'm back&quot;! This is Totally the BEST CD in the world!
 B000AA7B4I-952 POSITIVO  the marshal mathers lp is an awesome cd. my only prob w/ it is that it had &quot;skits&quot; in it. i recomend it !
 B000AA7B4I-953 NEUTRO  This new hit by slim shady is o.k., but I think it lacked the beats of his previous album. The marshal mathers lp is not even close to his original album. If your going to get a cd by slim shady why not stick to the first one.
 B000AA7B4I-954 POSITIVO  heY THIS IS A PHAT CD I COULDN'T RATE IT HIGHER CUZ THERE WERENT MORE STARS THE SONGS ARE PHAT AND OF COUSE HE PICKS ON EVERYBODY THAT POPS INTO HIS MIND IM JUST GIVING U A REASON WHY TO GET IT YOU DESIDE BUT IF YA DESIDE NO YA DONT KNOW WHAT YA MISSING. EVERY SONG YA WANNA LISTEN TO AGAIN I JUST GOT IT ABOUT 1 HOUR AGO (SINCE IM WRITING IT) AND SO FAR SO GOOD. it HAS THE REAL SLIM SHADY CRIMMINAL AND MARSHALL MATHERS. hE RAPS TRUE THOUGHS AND YA CAN RELATE (IF YOU ARE A SENSITIVE LITTLE PERSON THINK REAL HARD yA MIGHT NOT LIKE IT AS MUCH AS OTHER PEEPS) SO GET GOING AND DESIDE.-EMINEM FAN
 B000AA7B4I-955 NEGATIVO  Eminem's "The Marshall Mathers LP" is pretty much another weak release by diz wigger just like his previous albums his album after diz one and his latest one... It's all weak. All feminem realy wishes he was ? Was a black person like so many white idiots today and as i've said before ? if i see any white boy on my block period let along seeing them wearing doo-rag or baggy pants ? I will hurt them.Anyways, tmmlp by eminem is corny and im sorry but his lirycs are terrible even dre's prodduction dont save this album abit...Im realy glad i didn't buy it but simply heard it on the cdstore cuz feminem's music ain't worth my money but just my bashing. Peace ! Dont buy eminem's "the marshall mathers lp" if you still haven't and hate him and you thinkin about givein him a chance ? Just don't ight ? Stick to real hip-hop ,1 !
 B000AA7B4I-956 POSITIVO  To Metal Head,go suck Heavy Metals c**k and since u diss rap,stop listening to NWA u fat pr*ck and I agree with D.Phillips,theres actually people here who agree with him and I say suck a d**k u racist and just get the f**k outta here u b**tard.
 B000AA7B4I-957 POSITIVO  The Second Album is just as Raw as the First One. I mean Raw like the First One. I you can't catch that quick, you need to read more books. Because what I'm saying now, probably might be in a Book, hey, words are older then a lot of people including me and sentences. Eminem makes sense, and some of the lyrics you won't ever catch. Believe me while you have the chance, I catch everything a Rapper or a Freestylest says. You should hear my music. By showing no Regard and Regardless of where I go or stop to, half of Camden (Dip-Set fans) tells me that, I Know EVERYTHING! EVERYTHING! EVERYTHING! Anything that is rarely known, I already know about it. That's why I make songs about Retired Rappers, Actors and Actresses, The People that I'm Ashamed of (The Game), The People That I'm Very Proud Of, T.V. Show Sitcoms, Video Games, Old Systems, Guns and Drugs, Money, Cars, Other Languages and I mean the Cuss Words, I know Spanish, Japanaese, Korean, Poutreguess (I can hardly pronounce it but the Brizilian People can understand what I'm saying when I try to pronounce the Language words). They said, when you die god forbids, there is going to be a lot of things left unsaid. I said, you got that right. I made mad songs without mentioning this stuff, My History I mentioned. Like in 1976 School Problems. 1978, Traveling New Jersey. Eminem will turn out better if he did these things. But he's about a Angry man. No Idea Is Original. That's true. Because when you come up with a Idea, mad recomendations come up and it's in relationship of how rappers start off and what style they have. Like A Different World Sitcoms, even though it's a Spin-Off, Bill Cosby loves to make shows the same way he did, but the Camera Graphics Allways Improves. Like Eminem CDS, he be having those Enhanced CDs, and if he was still making CDS, he would now have the Copy Protected CDs. Okay. Now to the Rating. Come on now. Eminem deserves Five Stars. BUT NOT THE EMINEM SHOW AND HELL NO NOT THE ENCORE!1. Public Service Announcement 2000 (Skit)2. Kill You3. Stan (This is a Sad Song Right her) (AND I LOVE IT)4. Paul (Skit)5. Who Knew (The Song GOT ME DANCING)6. Steve Berman (Skit)7. The Way I Am (You can be anybody you like, just don't diss Ja Rule, I'm begging you)8. The Real Slim Shady9. Remember Me10. I'm Back11. Marshall Mathers12. Ken Kaniff (Skit)13. Drug Ballad14. Amityville (With Bizzare) (MY FAVORITE SONG ON THIS WHOLE ALBUM)15. ***** Please II (A Freestyle with Dr Dre, Xzibit and Snoop Dogg)16. Kim17. Under The Influence18. Criminal (This Song Is Raw)So FAR SO GOOD MY FRIEND, I was almost about to call you the W Word. Not the H word. And he never says the N word on his Albums. NEVER EVER EVER! But it dosen't mean anything. I don't mind if Eminem used that word. And I kind of use the W and the H word to express what's going on in the Past and Today. But that's stuff needs to be put aside for Eminem's Next Album and I mean stop talking about it and try to focus on his album and then talk about the words he might use today (Even though he retired and focosing on producing)Eminem (The Two Ms stand for Marshall Matlers (NOT BRUCE)) Slim Shady -- Marshall Bruce Matlers -- 10/17/1972 (Rat) -- Either Kansas City, MI (Missouri) or Detroit, MI (Michagan)Or Lived in Kansas City, MS and then moved to Detorit, MI.
 B000AA7B4I-958 POSITIVO  Mostly I'm just placing a review here to bump David's gleeful ignorance off of the front page. If he's not open-minded enough to appreciate a more lyrical than melodic musical form, then he oughtn't bother stating his opinions in places of irrelevance. It's true that for some kids listening to Eminem is more a declaration of rebellion than anything, but it's got little to do with MTV. If you want to know the real driving force behind Eminem's popularity, look to Dre.Look: He's not the best rapper in the world, but he's nothing to sneer at either. If you're going to knock his album, don't do it because of its genre.
 B000AA7B4I-959 NEGATIVO  Eminem Shouldn't have quit his day Job I borrowed the album listened through part of some of the songs and turned it off it's the worst thing yet since Eminem's start as a wannabe rapper he he cant sing with out profanity it makes me sick. Work a Burger king ...
 B000AA7B4I-960 NEGATIVO  All there is is pointless cussing.....
 B000AA7B4I-961 POSITIVO  This CD is like a freakin' brother to me. It'll give you a nearly eternal anger and hatred outlet, because the lyrics are so straight up evil; and the rhythms and rhymes that permeate nearly every song are extraordinally creative and maddeningly infectious. It's like a...trip to hell.
 B000AA7B4I-962 NEGATIVO  Eminem is the worst rapper that ive ever heard, he has no flow at all amd the only reason he has any popularity at all is production. Nice hooks, sometimes a few lines of good rap, but overall it just another example of how bad music can be popular if the artist is liked.
 B000AA7B4I-963 NEUTRO  Not to say this CD is bad, it has it's high points but this new LP by Eminem could be considered a disappointment. I don't like violent songs to a high extent but I love Eminem as a rapper because he isn't trying to be black. He has his own style, and, his lyrics are simply funny. This CD, however, is filled with a bunch of good rhymes but it's not broad enough. The Slim Shady LP, and previous CD's were slightly more broad, and more fun to listen to.
 B000AA7B4I-964 POSITIVO  hey! opk heres the deal, i luv eminem! he's like my life! he's so hott! and this cd is perfect fro when my life sux! i can relate to stuff! ya know? alright well anyway, i think u should buy this cd, cause even though the language i ti is horrific, the songs have morals under them( maybe not kim #18) sorta. well, i hafta actually go now, so check out my reviews for britney spears, nsync, and harry potter #4! ttyl!
 B000AA7B4I-965 NEGATIVO  wow! incredible! this is a great album, I mean, it's amongst the dumbest and worst I've ever heard, but who cares, it's cool right! I mean, seriously, this rap stuff is just genious, I mean how it all sounds the same, has ltrics that are about killing people because you're rich and you can, and other great and fun stuff. Wow! this eminem guy is a genious! seriously, this is his best album and he tried so hard, and guess what? it was terrible! I would give it 0 stars but amazon doesn;t let me. So wow, buy this, it's total crap but who cares? WHO APRECIATES REAL MUSIC ANYMORE ANYWAY? WHO CARES THAT THIS GUY IS AN ASSSHOLE THAT GREW UP RICH AND WHINES LIKE A BABY!!!! BUT GO AHEAD, HAVE FUN! BUY THIS, YOU'LL LOVE THE MESSAGE IT HAS..... THAT WE SHOULD ALL BE VERY JEALOUS OF M AND M BECAUSE HE IS BETTER THAN WE ARE!!! AND HOW JEALOUS WE SHOULD BE THAT HE PAYS GIRLS TO LIKE HIM...:)
 B000AA7B4I-966 NEGATIVO  Let's get one thing straight: I am not an Eminem hater.His rhyming skills are top-notch, his production professional.But his vocal delivery and lyrical depth I find to be lacking [and I am the target audience, by the way; I'm 16]. ........In fact, the rather common subject of anger and helplessness (felt by one) does not lend itself well to a full-length disc. ..., or...perhaps simply a keen awareness of who's buying the record and what they want to hear.The most accomplished track on this album is indeed "Stan", a haunting tale of a relationship gone awry and the perils of celebrity culture. It works so well, balanced with a sampling of Dido's "Thank You", and it is a minor classic.But the rest leaves something to be desired. There's Top 40 pap, like "The Real Slim Shady", which, while it has a wonderful hook, goes nowhere lyrically or musically. Eminem's nasal voice simply sounds loud and belligerent......and that's it.It's interesting to note that Eminem's album really serves no purpose: if you express anger as an artist, it helps to be constructive with it. Eminem offers no alternative to pessimism, no hope for change.But I'm not trying to preach. If you feel you'll be able to relate to his anger (and, I must admit, listening to this album when you're depressed does relieve stress), or if Eminem's music speaks to you, then this will prove an excellent buy.
 B000AA7B4I-967 POSITIVO  I hated the first album by Eminem. The beats were absolutely horrible. The only good songs were produced by Dre. On this album there are a lot of tracks produced by Dre. The lyrics have always been on point, but the beats make those lyrics shine on this album unlike the first one.
 B000AA7B4I-968 NEUTRO  I THINK THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP IS A HARDCORE RAP ALBUM BUT IT'S NOT EMINEMS BEST ALBUM I MEAN IT'S GOT GOOD SONGS LIKE STAN AND THE REAL SLIMSHADY BUT IT'S AS GOOD AS THE EMINEM SHOW ALBUM THE FLOW IS NOT AS GOODON THIS CD BUT ANWAY WHO KNEW IS A GOOD SONG TOO. BUT I GOT THIS ALBUM EDITED BECAUSE IT'S TO VOIENT IN EXPLICIT VERSON OF THE ALBUM BUT IT'S A GOOD ALBUM THANKS FOR READING MY REVEIW WELL SEE YOU.
 B000AA7B4I-969 POSITIVO  THIS CD IS A MUST BUY..and i dont have 2 explain y...its eminem and he is the best out there...hes been the best since he came out to now in 06'
 B000AA7B4I-970 POSITIVO  WOW! I must say that this is the album that got me into rap music. 5 years on with classics such as Illmatic, All Eyez On Me in my CD rack, this album still has the dopest lyrics in the game. Em tells us his feelings about his life, wife and much other stuff. Great songs include Marshall Mathers were he raps about how nobody cared for him before he was famous and on the Way I Am he tells how people wanna hate on him but he don't care. Love this album to death!Top 5:Marshall MathersThe Way I AmKimBitch Please IICriminal
 B000AA7B4I-971 POSITIVO  SOFTMORE ALBUM IS GREAT,YEAH THIS IS MY FAVORITE ALBUM!!!
 B000AA7B4I-972 POSITIVO  Well what can i say Lookin Back At It this was da greatest Em album too date and one of da best albums in da hip hop culture , all da tracks on these albums were dope and had meanings to them , and what made this album so great is how em can go from a dark gorey song too a hillarious song , that what seperates em from da other greats , Da writing is so sharp and clever that the jokes cut as deeply as the explorations of his ruptured Sychopathic Attitude , Which Makes It All Da More Better. The production is nearly as evocative as the raps, with liquid bass lines, stuttering rhythms, slight sound effects, and spacious soundscapes. Da production was just so ill and then his clever rhymes of comedy and da dark life was just legendary, This is gotta be one of the best Hip Hop Albums Too Date.
 B000AA7B4I-973 POSITIVO  This cd is crazy, classic, and eminems best. I dont have much to say but JUST GO PICK IT UP.
 B000AA7B4I-974 POSITIVO  this cd is awesome if u dont like it u obviously arent a big rap fan cuz this is a good rap album! ppl think it is so bad cuz of tha violence but since wen do ppl get mad over violence in hip hop? if u dont like rap then u shouldnt get it if u dont like listenin to violence and drugs dont listen to it i think it is good because eminems sayin wat he wants to say its a lot better than those rap cds that hav 13 songs about tha same stuff he changes topics a loti giv all tha songs 5 outta 5btw this album is in tha guiness book of world records for fastest selling rap album!
 B000AA7B4I-975 POSITIVO  Very good product, quality and finish.. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
 B000AA7B4I-976 POSITIVO  Honestly, there's worse rappers out there who rap about worse things. Some people take Eminem too seriously. Younger people would be able to understand when Eminem is serious and when he is joking. On a different subject, this album was the first of its kind. Songs like "Stan" prove rap isn't only about guns, gangs and sex. It proved there can be poetry in rap, even if it is explicit and violent. If you can look past the fact he uses explicit language frequently and understand where he came from, you will understand why he writes the stuff he does. I feel people singled him out just because they had never heard or seen a white rapper. By far, this is his best album. A touch of both his personal life (The Way I Am, Drug Ballad) and some humor (The Real Slim Shady, Criminal) along with other subjects really brings this album together and separates it from the rest of the crowd.
 B000AA7B4I-977 POSITIVO  If theres any album that will with stand the test of time, it's this one. I still listen to the tracks and get chills. Good music never gets old
 B000AA7B4I-978 POSITIVO  I bought this for my son for Christmas, and he loves Eminem and this is one cd he didn't have in his collection.
 B000AA7B4I-979 POSITIVO  If others would stop listening to the profanity and actually try to understand what this man is saying, they wouldn't be as offended as they are. You hear what you wanna hear and if you don't like what you hear, then don't listen to it. I personally think Eminem is highly talented for the way he puts words together. He actually tells a story with his music. I read one review about "Stan" saying about it dealt with "killing homosexuals"?? WHAT?? No. It was about an obsessed fan who stalked Eminem (and yes, fell in love with Eminem too) and he took the lyrics he heard literally. He thought Eminem actually did all the things he said he did to his wife, to his enemies, etc. No, he didn't. Eminem makes things up to make other people mad, people like parents who hate "foul language" and personally? Your kids are gonna hear it anyway.The point of his music isn't just about his foul language, yes I know he has a lot of it but imagine growing up the way he did with the kind of mother he had. Putting drugs into his food every day, she was psychotic and he kept his mouth shut for so long. Didn't once express himself when he was younger. Well....I can't blame him. I'd probably do the same thing if I was in his shoes. He feels resentful and what better way than to get out your anger other than something creative such as music? (or any type of art for that matter) I say its better to sing about killing someone rather than going out and actually doing it. I think its emotionally healthy. Yes, I'm sure it hurt his mom to hear but I'm sure it hurt him to eat food with valium in it every day too.Dont like it? Dont listen and return it. Simple.EMINEM FANS UNITE! lol
 B000AA7B4I-980 POSITIVO  Brings me back to my teens.good album, dont know what else to really say about it apart from i bought this ages ago and am only just reviewing it. i dont even know where it is and ill probly end up buying it again for my ipod.
 B000AA7B4I-981 POSITIVO  Rocked this for years, always brings back some great memories. And it never gets too old to give it another spin.
 B000AA7B4I-982 POSITIVO  This was a high quality film like the other one. However no one with ever make a better one then the 1st.
 B000AA7B4I-983 POSITIVO  Although Eminem's been heavily criticized for this bombshell of insults, murderous rhymes and homophobia, "The Marhsall Mathers LP" is a brilliant rap album like no other.Eminem got so much heat for expressing his angry intentions to kill his wife, Kim, in the song named after her. However, through this album, he turned himself into an angst-releasing rhyme-machine, confessing all the teenage angst through dark hip-hop beats and music from Dr. Dre.Despite the criticisms hurled at him and the attempted suicide of Kim for obvious reasons, Eminem became the most popular rapper for his artistic expression of a white rapper on the edge. And as frightening as Eminem could get, he turned the rap genre from social protest music to expressions of psychological disturbances.Songs such as "Kill You" expresses Eminem anger at the censorship of raps of drugs and murder. He says, "B****, I'm [gonn]a kill you!/You don't wanna f*** with me!" Perhaps he's a little overmasochistic, but he's intent on ripping apart anyone who keeps him from saying whatever the f*** he wants to say.Eminem also raps about a fictional Eminem fan named Stan, frustrated that his idol doesn't even recognize him. So frustrated, in fact, that he locks his pregnant wife in the trunk of his car and drives it into a lake. He also whips out knives to kill his wife for cheating on him in the song "Kim."While Eminem says "I'm just playing with y'all" at the end of the song "Kill You," we all know that he has to find some way to release the anger bottled up inside of him. "The Marshall Mathers LP" is one of the best rap albums, releasing anger in a confessional of skits and raps that most parents may never want to listen to. However, near the end of the 90s, someone had to express the frustration of the youth, and Eminem was just the person to do it.
 B000AA7B4I-984 POSITIVO  Okay! lets face it there are many artist in the game right now that RAP but EMINEM, EMINEM is a beast he is the definition of hip hop I listened to this album consistantly up to today and I'm still hooked.Great album! Stan is considerabley the greatest track on this album but musically and lyricaly EMEINEM raises the bar on the entire album for the standard of Hip Hop.
 B000AA7B4I-985 POSITIVO  This anger filled album by Eminem still rings with raw emotion nearly a decade later. Definitely not PC, but that's part of the dirty pleasure.The album contains several that still (Stan and the Real Slim Shady to name two) live on in radio play. The more aggressive lyrics (Kill You & Kim) continue their powerful punch. Other songs (Amityville & Remember Me) lack the commercial staying power but are still worth listening to over and over again.Just don't listen to this in front of your young kids or older parents.
 B000AA7B4I-986 POSITIVO  If you actually listen, you'll find that he is one of the most talented MC's in the game currently. Very deep as you get past the initial shock of his dramatic flows.
 B000AA7B4I-987 POSITIVO  Okay, I'm not really sure what to say about this cd except for that it is incredible. The lyrics on every song are amazing, most of the skits are funny (except for Ken Kaniff, which is nasty), and all of the beats are incredible. I can only say that so many times, the beats and lyrics are both incredible. This cd is one of the best rap cds of all time and it is Eminem's finest moment, in my opinion. The Slim Shady LP was classic, and so were the Eminem Show and Encore, but this tops them all. I highly recommend this cd because it is insanely awesome.
 B000AA7B4I-988 POSITIVO  This cd in my opinion is his 2nd best cd compared 2 the eminem show. One thing that fasinates me about Em is his sick sense of humor. He jokes around with songs like real slim shady and makes them hits. One track that i luved was drug ballad which speaks of his struggle he was having with pills at the time. It shows how he was trying 2 stop yet he simpply couldnt. He also has really angry songs like Amytiville and the way i am. Both are awesome and it shows how much he was really frustrated and angry and just had 2 vent and let it all out. One thing this cd had that Slim Shady LP didnt have was all the featured guests. I luved the super Collabo B***h Please 2. Snoop and Dre were awsome as well as Nate Dogg. I really liked Kim which is not on the version i got but i heard a bootleg and that song really showed how much he really loves his wife yet is venting his frustrations after all she did 2 him. I luved the production on the cd with the instrumentals 2 songs like stan, real slim shady and Amytville. This CD is a must buy for any Dre, Eminem or just rap lovers who wanna hear one of the greatest of all time rappers greatest cds. He is in my opinion the 3rd best under pac and Big.
 B000AA7B4I-989 POSITIVO  Feminem? hah, get off of Ja's and benzino's d*ck. I agree 50 and Nelly are complete nonsense. But, you can't break Eminem and whoeversaidthe beats were bad. You must've though 'Pac's beat's were complete **** and so were Snoop's. Dre produced em all. If you love rock, shut the **** up and go back to your dieing form of music. I don't need to see a guy go erergargargergarg for 3 minutes. If I wanted get a headache, I'd get wasted. To Kassir, you sound like the fakest piece of **** in the world. Quit hiding behind a computer and trying to be different and cool. You say you listen to KRS, NWA, and etc. NWA all love Eminem besides Eazy cuz he's gone. *RIP* Didn't KRS work with Eminem in The Anthem? Exactly, shut the **** up. Nas even likes Em. Em has proved himself and will be remembered as a legend. His wordplay is amazing and no matter what you do many will love him. Eminem isn't from Detroit? Then, how come he wasn't wiped out like Vanilla, how does he have D12, they are all from Detroit. There are many more white rappers noone knows. Eminem started the era. If you've been to a white ghetto, you'd know it was a lot worse than other ghettos. By the way I'm not white, I'm just proving to y'all that Em is as credible as other rappers, to do that I have to prove white people can grow up poor too. He proved himself to many, noone can break him, try like Everlast, Benzero, and Ja Fool. They all failed and lost everything. Source lost it's credit. Everlast...who? Ja Rule.....who? Exactly, they are gone. This is a classic and better than most albums I've heard. Behind a few though. If you like this try some 'Pac, Rakim, KRS One, Nas, Immortal Tech, or some Jin.....they are amazing rappers as well.
 B000AA7B4I-990 POSITIVO  Shady is still ill. People say this is his best album. I don't. Its still almost as good as his first albumPSA 2000 NA even better psaKill You 5/5 one of the best songs on the album. About killing women.Stan 5/5 very interesting song. About a crazy Eminem fan who kills himself because Slim couldn't write back. Dido helps.Paul NAWho Knew 5/5 About how Em says its not fault that he told kids to do things...Steve Berman NA Steve doesn't like Em's musicThe Way I am 5/5 Em doesn't like how people all want something else from him.The Real Slim Shady 5/5 the funny song. Funny, but not as good as My Name Is.Remember Me? 4/5 I was real happy to hear RBX. I haven't heard him since The Chronic. The songs alright.I'm Back 5/5 a classic comedy. Similar to "Brain Damage"Marshall Mathers 4/5 About Em's originality.Not really special.Ken Kannif NA Not as good as the last oneDrug Ballad 4/5 Eminems drug problem.Amittyville 4/5 w/Bizarre Em must have been high.Bitch Please II 4/5 w/Dre,Snoop,Xzibit,Nate Dogg. Good song. Dre steals the show though.Kim 4/5 Story of how Em kicks his wife out of his house, kills her, then drives off. Prequel to 97' Bonnie and Clyde.Under the Influence 4/5 w/D12 not anything special.Criminal 5/5 Best song on the album. includes a funny bank robbing scene. Hes a CRIMINALMy Top 5:1. Criminal2. Stan3. Kill You4. The Real Slim Shady5. The Way I AmI still reccomend this if you are a hip hop fan
 B000AA7B4I-991 POSITIVO  not as good as The Eminem Show but better than Encore (but encore is still good).standout tracks"Stan" (f/Dido)"Who Knew"- one of the funniest songs ever"Marshall Mathers""B**ch Please II" (f/Xzibit, nate Dogg, Snoop, & Dre)"The Way I Am"go get this and all the Eminem CDs IMMEDIATLEY
 B000AA7B4I-992 POSITIVO  The ever increasing variety in Eminem's voice (drawled Southern-bounce cadences, impatiently curt throaty staccatos, flat Beck-like deadpans, crying and screaming) somehow feels completely conversational, and the musical backdrop (calypso/Caribbean, Gothic etherea, jiggy disco evolving into P.M. Dawn) is frequently, of all things, beautiful.http://www.jazar-music.com/directory/Bands_and_Artists/E/Eminem/
 B000AA7B4I-993 POSITIVO  Yes I like this album, yes I listened to the lyrics but don't listen to it if you have any minors in the room. Also you might want to be a little choosy on the songs you choose to listen to when there are women and maybe even if you are with your parents because some songs especially "Kill You", "kim" and "Criminal" have some very violent content and sound effects. I would recommend the very conservative person to stay away from this one. I myself was not able to listen to the album until I moved out on my own but I do say Eminem has got a point and reason for writing the lyrics. If you listen to "Kim" enough and dig a little deeper on Em you will see that he was very P'd off at his ex. But we'd rather he just write it down and record his emotions than the alternative. Same thing with "Kill You" as violent and explicit as the song is, he is using his freedom of expression to express how he feels. I guess we should take Eminem's lyrics with a grain of salt a little bit. However if you think this album is too much, go ahead and take it to the dump. But if you give it a listen a few times maybe you may see that he was going through a lot of anger at the time. He was mad at his mother, wife and probably the whole world. If you have little children listen to it when they're not around or wait to download or buy it but do listen to this album before you leave this earth.
 B000AA7B4I-994 POSITIVO  Many love Eminem. Some think he's a genius, a true artist, and one of the greatest rappers ever. Others think he's just a poser who is misogynistic, homophobic, and vulgar. Listening to this album makes me fall into the former category, and I'm proud to be there. I think Eminem is a real artist, and a damn good one. This is one of his best albums, and whenever I play it, it still has the powerful impact of when I heard it first. Unlike a lot of rap albums which date once the shock value is over, The Marshall Mathers LP stands tall.This album has some of Eminem's greatest songs. The darkly hilarious Kill You is a great starter for the album. The song Stan is a great song, with a fantastic backing track by Dido, and Eminem's lyrics really tell the story well of an obsessed fan and how hard it is for him to deal with it. It's a powerful and sad song, and Eminem's performance is brilliant. The song Who Knew is wonderful and filled with dark humour. The line about the late Sonny Bono still makes me laugh (sorry, Sonny). My favorite track, though, has to be The Way I Am. Starting with a scratchy backing track and a wickedly intense piano bit (by Tom Coster, Jr.), Eminem rips into everyone and himself about fame, fortune, the garbage of just dealing with life with a performance that is as intense as it is breathless. It's one of his greatest songs ever, and I still get chills whenever I listen to it. The song The Real Slim Shady is a lot of fun. Kim is another harrowing song, one that shows Eminem isn't afraid of showing the pain and agony of his first marriage (now divorced). It's one of the most difficult songs on the album, and I have a hard time listening to it at times, because it's filled with so much raw pain and agony. It's pure emotion, and it's ugly, like pure emotions can be. But it's undeniably something you remember, whether you like it or not.Many self appointed moral guardians (of both political stripes) love to take Eminem's lyrics out of context to show that he's the main cause of all the problems in America, and if we just ban him, everything will be fine. Well, that's never worked at any time in our nation's, or any nation's, history. Eminem has his pulse on something, but he doesn't know what it is. He just feels it, and he goes with it. The man is one of the best rappers ever, not a flash in the pan, but a real artist who will stand the test of time. The Marshall Mathers LP is one of his finest achievements, and I'm hoping for more great achievements from this great man.
 B000AA7B4I-995 POSITIVO  When Eminem's major-label debute titled The Slim Shady LP hit the stores critics and some in the rap community saw him as a Vannila Ice wannabe and wouldn't even last a couple of records. THEY WERE WRONG!!! Eminem was launched into stardum when his debute record went multi-platnum and eventually became parents worst nightmare. What sets Eminem apart from other rappers is that he has exremely violent lyrics and the glorification of homophobia and misogyny in some of his songs. In his follow-up album The Marshall Mathers LP takes it up a knotch and created the fastest selling rap record in history and his most controversial album he's ever made. In my opinion, The Marshall Mathers LP is one of the best rap records ever made and solidified himself as one of the greatest MCs of all time. A friend of mine introduced me to Eminem and when I bought the album when it first came out at the age of 10 (even though I was pretty young at the time) I was instantly hooked to it and I couldn't stop listening to it, I liked the album that much. Even though at the time Eminem became the perfect target for censorship he stuck to his guns and gave an Eminem album that would entertain fans for years to come. Inever regretted buying that album and I never will, This album is a must have for every Eminem fan or those who like rap.BUY THIS ALBUM!!! You won't be dissapointed!
 B000AA7B4I-996 POSITIVO  Anybody who's been listening to rap music for the last 10 years knows eminem. Following up from his multi-platinum cd; the slim shady lp comes the marshall mather's lp. Even though this cd came out in 2000, it still gets play from me in my cd palyer. As my title states, this cd is a lot darker than his first cd. Probably the most violent song on the cd is kim; where he is talking about killing his wife and at the end of the song strangles her and leave her at the river. Some of my other favorite songs from this cd is the deep song stan, kill you, the way i am; which has em talking about how he wants to be by himself and not bothered all the time,the hilarious first single the real slim shady, remember me, amityville; which has bizarre dropping a pretty funny but sick verse, marshall mathers; where eminem is talking about boy/girl groups, ICP, and how everybody on his n*** because he is selling records, under the influence, b**** please II, who knew, and criminal. This cd is an eminem classic and probably the best rap cd that came out in 2000. If you want some dark, deep music with funny punchlines, then pick up this classic album.
 B000AA7B4I-997 POSITIVO  Oh geez, where to begin? This album is by far the craziest album by Eminem and will always remain one of my favorites.1. Public Service Announcement 2000 - (N/A) - Funny...2. Kill You - 5/5 - Gritty, violent, lyrical, and hard. The beat is nice too. This is the style of hip hop we need to find again! Eminem at his darkest.3. Stan - 4/5 - I don't know I was never as big of a fan of this song as everybody else...no pun there neither. It was very creative, Em rapping as an obsessive fan writing letters until he kills himself and his girlfriend. Eminem delivers the response verse which is very intersting too. The sampling is nice and the song is classically known especially for the Elton John performance at the Grammy's, but it's a bit overrated. I get tired of it after a while and not what you'd want to bang out the car window. Interesting.4. Paul - N/A - Boring waste of time skit. I usually skip it.5. Who Knew - 5/5 - My favorite song on the album, period. Speaking about how he had no idea he'd reach the level he is now at and also dissing the media for buying into it. Great song and the beat is so dope. Gotta love it.6. Steve Berman - N/A - Another Steve Berman skit...kinda funny but after a while is whatever.7. The Way I Am - 3.5/5 - The lyrics to this are amazing and so is the emotion, but the beat is a bit...I don't know, it's not even a bad beat I just don't like it like I do others. The song is really appealing as he shouts his defense and anger for being who he is, I like it but the emotion is a bit too overbearing. Genuine, but not as strong as it could've been.8. The Real Slim Shady - 5/5 - I don't care if he hated this song, it was amazing. The only real happy song on the album, it's good to listen to this to lighten up the mood for at least a few minutes. Clever, witty, not forced, just ill. Dre, this beat is phenomenal, one of his finest productions.9. Remember Me? - 4/5 - A lot of people don't like this track, but I thought it was bangin'! Gangsta ish right here! Dark, street gritty beat and ill hate spewed verses from everyone. The guests he picked for this song are good and he delivers of course the best enraged verse. Enragin' psycho muzik.10. I'm Back - 5/5 - Another favorite on the album, him stating his return in his famous "Guess whose back" line. You can tell he had fun with this track, he is really playing around with peoples' heads. The hook is catchy but the kids get annoying in the background. Still a good song.11. Marshall Mathers - 3.5/5 - Ahhh ok. I like the lyrics but the beat is too slow and no matter how many times I hear the hook I can't help but chuckle a lil bit. Eminem singing in a sweet voice about not giving a f*** and beating people down is rather hilarious whether it was meant to be or not. I like the disses in it. Could've been better, still good though.12. Ken Kaniff - -10000000/5 - This is unnecessary on so many levels. I don't even want to know why he put this on here. Wrong....nobody wants to hear this sh**!13. Drug Ballad - 5/5 - A song about drugs that is so catchy, has such a bumpin' beat, and such interesting lyrics, flow, and delivery you can't help but stay intruiged. Grand!14. Amityville - 4.5/5 - By now the album keeps getting better and better. Another gritty street joint, real hardcore and violent. It would be a 5 but Bizarre's verse is really weak and pointless. His flow is ahhh and he raps about things nobody wants to hear or cares about in such a "matter of fact" way it's annoying and nothing less than that. Still a great song. It go hard!15. Bitch Please II - 5/5 - This song almost gave me a heartattack...in a good way if that makes sense! Eminem, Dre, and Snoop...three of my favorite rappers with Xzibit who does well and Nate Dogg who is one of my fave singers. I died. A remix to one of my favorite songs, this was incredible, everyone delivers strong. Great hook, strong Dre beat...ahhh. Beautiful.16. Kim - 4/5 - Even as a female I like this song. Really intense, so intense the edited version couldn't have it, haha! It's the prequel to his infamous "'97 Bonnie and Clyde" where him and his daughter get rid of Kim's body in the ocean. This is the set up of him killing her. Dark storytelling, it's great but you have to be in the right mood or else nah.17. Under The Influence - 3/5 - One of the best D12 songs, but I dunno, it is pretty average. Everyone comes hard on it and it's catchy as hell, but there isn't as much on the excitement value for me, shocking lyrics, but yeah. Average.18. Criminal - (5/5) - Great way to end the album. Angry, political, engraged, and nonsensical violence. Eminem ends it by dissing nearly every type of human being possible and going on a rant about murdering innocent bystandards. You gotta love it.Overall: 5/5, Eminem at his strongest. It's hard to believe that the guy who made songs like "Fack" and "My 1st Single" could have penned this classic, but hell, people change I guess?
 B000AA7B4I-998 POSITIVO  This album is great. If you get offended easily, you might not like this record. This record is partially a response to the big controversy Em had created at the time, and the theatrics of this record actually are what make it appealing. Some of the interludes reflect upon that. It's definitely a personal album, even if other stuff may become more of a focus. He actually does sound like a maniac on parts of the record, like on the track "Kim" about killing his wife or in some of the still sort of animated lyrics. I actually like the first album more in spite the fact that this album is more mature and reflective. Of course, the hits "Stan" and "The Way I Am", and album cuts like "Marshall Mathers" are other great tracks. "Stan" is memorable because of the obsessive fan and how he gets angrier in each letter, and then the other tracks talk more about the controversy, and one thing I like about this album is it kind of makes you think for yourself. I think that's the point of a track like "Criminal."Then there is actually a couple of weaker tracks. "The Real Slim Shady" is okay, but it seems like songs like this are usually the weakest on his records, in spite being the songs to promote his albums. I don't really like the D-12 song, "Under the Influence," either.Definitely worth a listen.(You may hate him and such, but this album is one of his winners. And metalheads, just stop reviewing stuff because you think you know it based on people who listen to it. People have good reasons why they stereotype you and your music, too, but it doesn't make it anything more than pointless.)
 B000AA7B4I-999 POSITIVO  Eminem's debut album one year earlier was a pretty big hit, Eminem was a breath of fresh air and came with something diffrent. "My Name Is" and "Guilty Conscience" explored Eminem's un-orthodox way of rapping and his unique satirical humour. Although some people though his album was too controvercial and the humour was too harsh and detailed. Either way, "The Slim Shady LP" was a milestone. But few people would have thought that Dre's protege Eminem would become one of the most popular MC's in the world by the matter of one year. "The Marshall Matter" album further expolres what worked so fine on his debut but also reveails more about his life and the humour here is perhaps not as vulgar as on the debut which makes it more accesseble then ever. The song "Stan" feauturing Dido would become a massive hit in 2000 and be a major reason why Eminem would work so well commercially as he did and would do in the future also. Eminem's second album gives further proof what he can do and why he's more intellegent then many other rappers who try hard to get the big break for years without succeeding."Kill You" is one of his most controvercial songs though, it's a loud mouthed song that seems to almost attack anything. Although, Emimen's line between reality and fiction is thin. Hence, don't take everything so serious. "Stan" would perhaps singlehandadly be the reason why Eminem became so popular. It samples Dido's "Thank You", although that song hadn't been released yet and Dido appears in the Eminem song aswell and plays the girlfriend in the video while Devon Sawa plays Stan. This song deals with a die-hard Slim Shady fan called Stan who got both posters, pictures and has even bleached his hair to look like his idol. Stan has been writing letters but never gets a reply which eventually leads to his demise for him and his pregnant girlfriend. This song was the art of genius. Once again alter ego Slim Shady appears and the song is right on the spot. Commercially it was a success, being #1 on both sides of the atlantic. Eminem had become a mega-star over a night thanks to "Stan". "Who Knew" is another funny song that could have been on his debut. One again it will be both society critic and humour. "The Way I Am" is dead serious. Eminem craves for privacy and at the same time attack the American middle class. This song is quite haunting and unlike many other Eminem songs it sounds quite simular throughout without sound samples or a very strong hook. "The Real Slim Shady", yet another song for his alter ego. This time we'll see more irony and critic to society and fellow musicians, including Will Smith and Christina Aguilera. The song was a big hit and got a somewhat poppy sound. This is the most humouristic side of Eminem."Remember Me" gives reference to older songs and feautures 2 guests ( RBX & Sticky Fingaz) but this is one of the weaker songs. "I'm Back" is another trademark, some sarcasm, some criticism, but rather fammiliar territory. The title track continues the same path. This time, Eminem is Marshall Mathers and not Slim Shady. He deals with his recent fame and critisize boybands and pop music. "Drug Ballad" is what you think it is about. "Amityville" with D12 companion and sidekick Bizarre. This song is very extreme but not that funny. "B**** Please 2" a secod version of the old song, feautures loads od guests, including Dre and Snoop. "Kim" deals with his ex-wife and is a trademark Eminem song which is both humouristic and detailed. "Under the Influence" presents D12, later made a few albums. The song is nothing special though. "Criminal" continues the same path, both offensive and controvercial.Overall, a modern classic almost. Eminem made a few really good songs here and as a whole this album works well also. This album made him a mega star. Although, not all of the songs are that good, Eminem is interesting to listen to cause he's always full of ideas and the barrier between reality and fiction is very thin. While listening to this album, you also get to know Eminem personally and thereafter you want to know more and more. Wether he's telling a story about his life or if it's just trademark irony it's interesting enough. An album worth the price.
 B000AA7B4I-1000 POSITIVO  I'm a huge fan of Eminem and that's why I couldn't wait to get &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot;. It had leaked on the internet which made me had to have it even more. The lyrics are tight and no one can leave you wondering like Eminem. Songs like &quot;Stan&quot; tell you that there are other sides to him. Even though he does diss several people it should all be taken in fun! There are many reasons you should add this one to your collection! Mainly because if you don't he might &quot;Kill You&quot;. (Ha-just a joke, get it?)
 B000AA7B4I-1001 POSITIVO  When I first heart &quot;My Name Is&quot;, I immediately passed it off, I hated the song and him for making it. I still hate that song but I'm glad I gave this white boy the chance he deserves. I should've trusted Dr. Dre's judgement, as he has always been an excellent producer and has an amazing eye for talent. A friend of mine left his &quot;Slim Shady LP&quot; at my house so I figured I might as well see what it's like. I had to listen to it a few times before it set in, but when I did I was thorougly impressed. Eminem has a decent rapping skill and none of his songs sound &quot;familiar&quot;. So, I eagerly awaited his next release. I was disappointed to see he released yet another annoying song to promote the album (&quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;) but I still bought the album. I would say it's no better or worse than his debut, which is pretty impressive by today's standards as it shows he doesn't suffer from that &quot;sophomore slump&quot; and it shows he has a lot of creative power yet to tap. There has been a lot of controversy over his lyrics but, come on, he makes rap music - these subjects or language are not new to the genre. I don't think he's homophobic either, he just knows how to sell a product. Maybe I misinterpreted the line &quot;...why can't a man and another man elope?&quot; but that actually sounds like approval of homosexuality to me. There is also a lot of cultural significance to his music. He is [I think] the first white rapper to deal with honest things (the Beastie Boys are great but they rarely rap about anything more than parties and outer space). Also, he comes from Detroit which doesn't really put him in the &quot;East-Coast Rap&quot; or &quot;West-Coast Rap&quot; and puts the fact that there are ghettos in other places than NYC and California into perspective. Sure, he's not a genius but he's honest and can be lots of fun. One of the strong forces on MTV that is not another embarrassing fad.
 B000AA7B4I-1002 POSITIVO  As others would agree, this is eminems best effort. His second and best. What can i Say? the beats are incredible, the lyrics are incredible, and this (along with dr dre's 2001 cd) is my favourite cd. Every song is great, you dont have to skip any out. My top five songs are (in no order):kill youStanThe real slim shadyThe way I amB**** please 2If your an eminem fan and dont have this, please do yourself a favour and get it, coz trust me, this album is amazing and if you want eminem at his very best, than THIS IS IT!!!Lastly, it's a shame that slim went downhill from this cd, The Eminem show wasn't too bad, but his lastest cd 'Encore' was a real dissapointment.But anyway, this cd overshadows his dull moments, and if your a shady fan or just a rap fan in general and dont have 'The marshall mathers LP' then you really don't know what your missing out on, coz this is eminems best and one of the greatest rap cd's of all time. So go out and get this cd right now because trust me, u'll love it!!I also highly reccommend 2001 by Dr Dre.Enjoy.
 B000AA7B4I-1003 POSITIVO  I'm not gonna say that this album is the greatest album of all time. But it is a good album from Eminem. Eminem is probably a great white rapper but not the greatest rapper of all time. With this album Eminem just came out with the flows in this.B!t@# please 2 is the best song on here and my favorite Eminem song too. Dre also put it down with some good beats and this album had some good apperances like Dr.Dre, Snoop, Nate Dogg, RBX, and more. This album has many memorbile songs like Stan, The Way I Am, The Real Slim Shady, and also songs that got Em in alot of Heat like Kim and Kill You. This album is known for violent lyrics, and use of hateful words to gay's but it didn't stop me from hearing. Not that don't have a problem with gay's but everyone was talking about it that I had to give it a shot. It may not meet the standards of great rap albums like All Eyez On Me, The Chronic, Doggy Style, or Enter The WuTang Clan (36 Chambers), but this is good. Anyway I didn't expect to like this album but I did. Not one of my favorite albums but an album I like to hear now and then. I suggest hearing this album from someone who has it. If you like then go out and buy it. Way better than his crappy album Encore.
 B000AA7B4I-1004 POSITIVO  Eminem drops his second album with a bomber. This is an excellent album, and is one of the greats along with Dr Dre's 2001. Great songs on here all the way around. Bumpin classics like "Stan" which tells an amazing story about a devoted Eminem fan. The Way I Am", WoW he went up to the moon with that joint right there, an excellent song in which he just keeps it real while expressing his strong feelings as a rapper. The Real Slim Shady is a great song because it is a one of a kind song, like him. Another GREAT song is B**** Please II. Everyones verse in this song is dope. From Snoop, X, Dre, Em, and even Nate Dogg's sick chours. Overall I give this album 5 bricketts.
 B000AA7B4I-1005 POSITIVO  Like i bought this and i thought that this was the Spice Girls new album cuz like it was selling alot ya know and i didn't know why they called it that name ya know like the Marshall Hatters thing so when i like played it was so not the Spice Girls if ya know what I mean so Like anybody out there this isn't the Spice Girls so don't buy it. Ya.
 B000AA7B4I-1006 POSITIVO  Eminem is the ultament Rapper I hate DMX Dr Dre Snoop Dog and all but he is cool. He is the Best.
 B000AA7B4I-1007 POSITIVO  yo dis album iz tight. Da beats are off da hook, Dre tearz it up. Eminem just flows and expresses his thoughts. his guests are tight az hell 2.
 B000AA7B4I-1008 NEGATIVO  Yes. I finally am getting around to reviewing Eminem. This is a hard album to review, and you most likely know why. I won't be quoting too many of the lyrics in this review for obvious reasons. [There is a lot of profanity], and there's all of those violent lyrics all over the place. ...The opening is weak, and not just the pointless "Public Service Announcement 2000." "Kill You" starts out very promising, but soon just drags on and on toward the end, and turns into one of the most obnoxious songs I&#65533;ve ever had the dubious pleasure of hearing. Eminem has some guest stars in "... Please II," and even then they can't save the song from being one of the worst entries on the whole album. I can tolerate sick jokes and stuff, but not "Ken Kaniff" or "Kim." Other lesser entries also include "Amityville" (with some awful rhymes opening it up and being repeated on the chorus) and "Drug Ballad," (which suffers from a weak beat and an annoying piano in the background). Not to mention the whole thing is too long. Hardly any of the music here is worth it, leaving a hell of a lot of ... and filler, most of which I have already mentioned."I'm Back," "The Way I Am," and "The Real Slim Shady" are a bit better, but they still annoy me. And although I know it&#65533;s not saying a lot, "Stan" is the best song on this album. For those of you who don't know the story, it's got four verses connected by a catchy female vocal section. The first verse is a man named Stan writing to Eminem in a friendly way, giving the "biggest fan" sort of letter, saying how he can releate to the lyrics and wants to be like Slim, and also how he's been waiting for a letter back. The second verse is Stan's letter describing his feelings of hatred, frustration, and rejection because he thinks Shady is ignoring him. He mentions how he cuts himself to be like what Eminem makes himself out to be in his songs, and the way he can relate to everything that Slim says, and stating "everything you say is real."In the third verse Stan has gone completely nuts and begins to record a tape for Shady, and gets drunk, drives ninety with his girlfriend in the trunk. He feels that he deserves a response and notes that they could have been something together. He now says that he's not like his idol, makes some more angry remarks into the tape recorder and drives off the bridge. Eminem starts out the final verse unaware of what Stan has done, responding with a friendly letter, giving an autograph and encouraging Stan to get counseling after hearing that Stan likes to cut his wrists, saying that he was only joking in his songs. He apologizes for missing out on meeting Stan and taking so long to reply. Finally he encourages Stan to keep his relationship with his girlfriend going well, and hopes that the letter reaches Stan before he does something crazy, like this guy he saw on TV who was drunk and drove over a bridge, "come to think of it his name was...you." What a great song. Certainly not the best lyrics ever, but an interesting story acccompanied by a catchy beat, and those are the two good things hip-hop has to offer done at their best.Eminem has talent as a rapper, but it feels like he wastes his talent on the unnecessarily extreme level of profanity which gets really boring after a while, and the violence and sex just ruins the entertainment of some songs. .... Pass.
 B000AA7B4I-1009 NEGATIVO  Eminem thinks he is such hot..., but all I can think of when I hear this music is just how crude Eminem is. Pac and all the other great rappers may have talked with crudity, but Eminem brings it to an all-time low. Is it just music? I think not.
 B000AA7B4I-1010 NEGATIVO  I got this album before anyone else who I know and man I was pleased. The one impression I wound up with from &quot;Slim Shady&quot; was that Eminem was a talented rapper who needed to release another album before I could form an opinion of him - well, here goes.Eminem has seriously deteriorated from the potential he showed on his first album. On &quot;Slim Shady&quot; he was an angry young man with reasons to be angry and the ability to rap about it to a decent standrd. On &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; he is an angry young man who seems to be angry at absolutely everything and instead of rapping about it he prefers to shout about it.From what I've been able to find out, Eminem came to Dre's attention through his work at the Freestyle Olympics. I mention this because on this album there are several tracks which appear to have been freestyles - at least to begin with. Some parts of &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; and &quot;Kill You&quot; I'm certain started life this way and other parts probably did likewise. These verses - the songs don't continue their potential - are far and away the best parts of the album.The tracks on this album can be roughly divided into three sections: those which sound good the first couple of times but then get annoying; those which start off annoying; and those which simply should never have been put out in the first place.Surprisingly enough, the singles - apart from &quot;Stan&quot; - fit into the first category. &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; and &quot;What I Am&quot; are great the first few times you hear them, then you hear them all the time and get sick of them (same goes for tracks like &quot;Kill You&quot; and &quot;Criminal&quot;).The tracks with D-12 or members of it are quite interesting - they generally display the worst side of Eminem (the side which involves repeated strangled shouts), along with the terribly lacklustre rapping of the members of D-12. They round out the second category.The third category contains tracks like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot;. &quot;Stan&quot;'s only redeeming feature is the chorus - and even that is sampled from Dido - the reast of the song is profanity laced and generally repulsive (even for me, a listener of ICP). &quot;Kim&quot; is even worse - it borders on industrial music with its lack of melody, beat, rhythm or anything much else.There are moments on this album which are quite interesting. Some of the humor hidden in &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; and &quot;Criminal&quot; is quite clever - but it is hardly worth the price of the album to get a few jokes here and there (there are cheaper ways of getting those songs).It seems that either Eminem has discovered the world of fame and pop music or it has discovered him - either way the results are not enjoyable they just turn into another example of boring late-90s rap aimed squarely at youth and the pop charts.After I bought &quot;Slim Shady&quot; I couldn't wait for the next Eminem release. After buying &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; I don't think I'l be buying anything more from this guy.
 B000AA7B4I-1011 NEGATIVO  I completely despise this guy feminem who by the way has no real musical talent he's just a white trash whiny baby who just thinks people including his fans owe him a favor by kissing his arse. Theres nothing truly good on this pure discharge album theres no real music all it has is a spew of swearing and all his hate discrimination towards women homos his mom and his girlfriend' now I can't really call this music because it's not music at all.Don't give your money to this whiny talentless clown' support real musicians who make real music not some vulgar whiny baby like feminem.I Hope one day all the fans will find much better things than this literally!Feminem you suck!
 B000AA7B4I-1012 NEGATIVO  i don't like eminem at all... HE IS dissing his own parents to get recongnition, he himself is a PHONY, he thinks the world owes him, well i just wanna tell him that, he's not the only one from a dyfunctional family, many famous people were from much worst situation that he's in, or was, and those famous people get much more fame by working hard and following the right path, and they are much more successful than eminem.
 B000AA7B4I-1013 NEGATIVO  What the Hell is this? A white guy that is rapping and wanting to be black, what a race traitor. Eminem needs to be shot. I used to hear some of these songs when they played them at games in high school, This music is absolutly crap, all rap is crap for that matter. Eminem is such a loser, he has no talent, rap takes no talent, all it is is a beat machine and a turntable and some stupid uneducated person attemting to &quot;sing&quot;. Give me a break. I'd rather die than listen to this garbage. Do your self a favor and flush your money down the toilet, that is better than wasting it on this piece of trash. Rap Sucks!
 B000AA7B4I-1014 NEGATIVO  Well, I feel that anything with such horrible production and ill placed beats deserves this rating. Shock appeal is the key.. ...
 B000AA7B4I-1015 POSITIVO  I love this c.d!!! It was worth buying it. Every song is excellent. I listen to it all the time. Belive me, if you like rap, or anything, this is the c.d to get!!!!
 B000AA7B4I-1016 POSITIVO  White.Eminems gift and curse. It's his gift because he got a lot more attention and record sales from it. However, it's his curse because it took him a while to be taken seriously, people march against him, while they don't march against NWA. And of course, people whine that he's only successful cos he's white. I bought this cd because it's good, quality rap. I also buy good rap like Biggie smalls, snoop dogg, Tupac and dr dre, and eminem compares favorably to them (he's probably a little better than snoop). I'll go through the tracks 1 by 1.1.PSA- Funnier than the last one.2.Kill you- Catchy beat, but not eminem's best.3.Stan- Eminem's best. We've all heard it.4.Paul- Pointless and boring.5.Who knew- pretty good song about the parents who say eminem corrupts there children.6.Steve Berman- Pretty funny. You can hear snippets of it on the way i am video.7.Way I am- Great angry song, eminem practically spits the words at you.8.Real slim shady- Poppy, i used to like it when i was younger.9.Remember Me?- RBX sounds like he was raised by hillbillies, sticky fingaz needs to be locked in a rubber room, but Em's ok. Overall not that good.10.I'm Back- One of my favorites on the cd. He's back!11.Marshall Mathers- A very good song, shows em's lyrical ability.12.Ken Kaniff- Do not listen to.13.Drug Ballad- Pretty good song about drugs.14.Amityville- Rock track where the last verse is the only good one.15.B**** please 2- I like this lite song.16.Kim- not for the kiddies, but still good.17.Under the influence- Best song d 12 will ever do.18.Criminal- Great ending.
 B000AA7B4I-1017 POSITIVO  After listening to this cd I found that there was still censorship on a few song's.The song's are "I'm back" "Marshall Mathers" and "Kim"But I think we all know the missing word's *winks*Overall this is a great cd by someone who know's how to play off the public and make people think.Eminem has created a storm which doesn't look like it will die anytime soon.
 B000AA7B4I-1018 POSITIVO  ... The things that Eminem says in his music may be making him rich beyond anyone's belief, but more than that he actually has something to say. It may not be a positive message of any kind, it may not change or heal the world, or make anyone feel better. But, if anything, it has probably helped the man, Marshal Mathers himself, cope with his past and make it through his own depression, releasing his frustrations onto an unsuspecting world. As hateful as some of his words maybe, he is, in his own right, an artist. It may shock, surprise, infuriate, and humor us all, but to him it means something. Not only is his flow original, and his style unique, but he transends race. ... Eminem's music is nothing less than pure genius. No one can take that talent from him, not after what he's been through. There's a reason he's been around in Hip-Hop as long as he has been--he's earned it, and we like it.
 B000AA7B4I-1019 POSITIVO  This album is simply good! Very creative and replay value is awesome! What else can I say? This is like a light Illmatic cd. Well make that dark because Em' talks about killin' his wife. But this is a good album because Em' says stuff on this album you wish you could say to every problem you have ever faced. He doesn't hold back and that what makes this album a classic! Peace
 B000AA7B4I-1020 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP is my soulmate -- 5 stars means 5 stars all the way. While it doesn't have as much humour as the Slim Shady LP did, it has so much self-expression of his personnal feelings of anger and rebellion, packaged in rhythms and rhymes that are over the top in creativity and innovation. It's those rhythms and rhymes that make you stop and take notice, and force you to believe that Eminem is something special.
 B000AA7B4I-1021 POSITIVO  It's hard to know what to make of Eminem, even if you know that half of what he says is sincere and half is a put-on; the trick is realizing that there's truth in the joke, and vice versa. Many dismissed his considerable skills as a rapper and social satirist because the vulgarity and gross-out humor on The Slim Shady LP were too detailed for some to believe that it was anything but real. To Eminem's credit, he decided to exploit that confusion on his masterful second record, The Marshall Mathers LP. Eminem is all about blurring the distinction between reality and fiction, humor and horror, satire and documentary, so it makes perfect sense that The Marshall Mathers LP is no more or no less &quot;real&quot; than The Slim Shady LP. It is, however, a fairly brilliant expansion of his debut, turning his spare, menacing hip-hop into a hyper-surreal, wittily disturbing thrill ride. It's both funnier and darker than his debut, and Eminem's writing is so sharp and clever that the jokes cut as deeply as the explorations of his ruptured psyche. The production is nearly as evocative as the raps, with liquid bass lines, stuttering rhythms, slight sound effects, and spacious soundscapes. There may not be overpowering hooks on every track, but the album works as a whole, always drawing the listener in. But, once you're in, Eminem doesn't care if you understand exactly where he's at, and he doesn't offer any apologies if you can't sort the fact from the fiction. As an artist, he's supposed to create his own world, and with this terrific second effort, he certainly has. It may be a world that is as infuriating as it is intriguing, but it is without question his own, which is far more than most of his peers are able to accomplish at the dawn of a new millennium.
 B000AA7B4I-1022 NEUTRO  after copping slim shady lp i couldn't wait for this to drop. Slim Shady lp was nuthin short of a masterpiece, Eminem was doing something no one else was in hip hop, and i was expectin him to have expanded as an emcee on this lp. And on some tracks, it clearly shows he has, the impressive &quot;Stan&quot; portrays the Artists-Fan relationship. Told in speech like &quot;Guilty Conscience&quot; but this is on a much more serious note. The best track on the album for me is &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, which shows Eminem at his lyrical bes.... The next best cut is &quot;Under the Influence&quot; with close-friends-now-tuned-label-mates, D12. This is one bound to get your neck snapping and, D12 show us they are just as comical as Eminem. Very comical but greats lyrics at the same time. There are other good tracks such Marshall Mathers, which lets us have a look behind Eminem and Slim Shady, to see who is really there. Apart from that, the album seems to be trying to use shock tactics to sell records. Don't get me wrong, Eminem comes brilliantly lyrically to prove he is an outstanding emcee. But this album shows a switch of style from his previous offerings, and unfortunately, the reason was to appeal to a mainstream audience. An audience which is listening to Eminem, then straight after putting on an *NSYNC cd.
 B000AA7B4I-1023 NEGATIVO  I hated this album the first time I heard it (and that was the EDITED version). But after the Grammy nomintions and my liking of &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot;, I decided to give this another chance. Here's my conclusion: While I don't hate this album as much as before, I still wasn't all that impressed. While &quot;Slim Shady&quot; displayed Eminem's mean and vulnerable side, here, we only get his mean side. He tries way too hard to be shocking. (Don't even THINK of buying this for anyone under 16!) Although it has resulted in massive album sales, to me, it doesn't qualify as entertainment. He starts out in-your-face immediately in &quot;Kill You&quot; and gets very hateful in several tracks in the second half. &quot; 'Oh, now he's raping his own mother! And we just gave him the Rolling Stone cover?' You're damn right!&quot;. Yes, I know he isn't serious, but that doesn't make &quot;Kill You&quot; any fun. A couple of themes were initally funny, then got repetitive. First, his lashing out at the critics and parents. It was very funny in &quot;Who Knew&quot; (&quot;You want me to watch my mouth? How?, take my ... eyeballs out and turn them around?&quot;), but then got annoying in &quot;The Way I Am&quot; and a few other tracks. Also, his dissing of Teen Pop (Britney, 'NSYNC, etc.) was funny in &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, but got tiresome in &quot;I'm Back&quot; and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;. The current &quot;Teen Pop&quot; craze has become a joke at times, but the excessive bashing stopped becoming funny and started becoming annoying. The best tracks included &quot;Stan&quot;: A great cautionary tale and a storytelling masterpiece about an out-of-control Eminem groupie, and the best track on both albums. &quot;Who Knew&quot;: Sarcastic, funny, and a clever answer to disapproving parents. &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;: Also funny and cartoony, compared to the rest of the album. But then we get more angry tracks, and some forgettable gangsta material with guest spots from Dre, Snoop, Xzibit, and his D12 posse, amongst others. Then we get the 6-minute murder-fest in &quot;Kim&quot;, which does have an excellent background score, but is morally bankrupt. Then it concludes with the sickening &quot;Under the Influence&quot; and the okay &quot;Criminal&quot; with a good bank robbery skit. I know he really doesn't endorse the behavior on this album, but this became repetitve and disgusting, not funny and clever like &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot;. I wanted more storytelling, like in &quot;Stan&quot; and less &quot;envelope pushing&quot;. This was not worthy of those Grammys. Hopefully, we'll get a more multi-dimensional Eminem in his next solo effort.
 B000AA7B4I-1024 POSITIVO  Whereas Eminem's first popular release, "The Slim Shady LP," ... was the apathetic man's anthem, "The Marshall Mathers LP" is a departure from this theme. This album is Eminem defending himself from critics that attacked "The Slim Shady LP" for its lyrics."The Marshall Mathers LP" is a dark reflection of the conflicting forces of good and evil going in within the mind of Marshall Mathers. Most of the beats are solid, and the lyrics are at once obscene, funny, and clever. We'd expect no less from Eminem.The best songs are: Kill You, Who Knew, Remember Me, I'm Back, B!tch Please II, and Under the Influence.
 B000AA7B4I-1025 POSITIVO  Eminem was one of the main artists of 2000. The Marshall Mathers LP sold 1.7 million copies it's first week. That was second best in 2000. This cd/cassete contains his hit singles The Real Slim Shady, The Way I Am, and Stan featuring Dido. If you are a hip hop/rap fan this is a must buy. The Real Slim Shady is a great party song.
 B000AA7B4I-1026 POSITIVO  Well Eminem's sophomore album doesn't have the same impact as it's predecessor in my opinion.On &quot;The Marshal Mathers LP&quot; he doesn't have the idea of who he is..some tracks he became Slim Shady, that funny alter ego who yells, cuts and slices everyone and sometimes he's claiming to be Marshal Mathers himself and because of that this album is more personal, Eminem talks about serious issues and he's not joking.Fortunatelly the production provided by Dr.Dre helps a lot,once again you don't have to press fast foward but probably you'll miss Slim Shady...I think the best track is &quot;Stan&quot; as a matter of fact it's his best song and the beat is great!! I like it that Dido girl.. she sings very well!!So Slim Shady meets Marshall Mathers and the result is another tight album and the reason that I don't give 5 stars is just because he's getting twisted about who's who..but anyway if u like Eminem go buy it...don't expect a good vibe on this one!!
 B000AA7B4I-1027 POSITIVO  Its true Em may have some explicit lyrics, but all in all its only how the guy feels. His rhymes are great and filled with some humor that you mght be a certain age to get. But it also has a clean version for you over protective prents.Even though he has a bad rap the guy is artist whose sold millions so don't protest someone who makes more money than you.Yes I may be 13, but my mother trusts me not to take it literally and neither should anyone else. If you don't believe me then don't buy it, but if you do please don't try anything of it at home or deeply believe what he says.
 B000AA7B4I-1028 NEUTRO  it is clear that eminem is one fo the best lyricists of his time on this album but if you listen to them there isn't a hell of a lot of meaning to his songs. some songs are very good like stan, kim, criminal, who knew, and remember me. but many others just dont have anything to them. i still listen to them for the same reason i listen to someone like nelly. they sound good and are alrgiht for listenin when driving around or whatever. but if you want somethin to actually listen to deeply this isnt it. the slim shady lp was one of the better cd's i have heard in a long time but he dropped off with this album. eminem needs to get back to his underground style more and back to when he had somethin to say. his next album is supposed to be more story tellin and hopefully better. thats it i'm out.
 B000AA7B4I-1029 POSITIVO  This was a good album.I liked EMINEM underground more though. He seemed more focused on the music, not the money.The only good songs on the album were,&quot;Stan&quot;,&quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;,Marshal Mathers&quot;,and &quot;Criminal&quot;. All the other songs he didn't seem focused on.As I said before, this album was INDEED very good.The songs such as &quot;Drug Ballad&quot;,and &quot;B**ch Please Part 2&quot; were halfway decent in my view.So I advise you to buy this album.That's all you're gettin from me! Or is it.......
 B000AA7B4I-1030 POSITIVO  With a lot of negative hype surrounding Marshall's debut album-"The Slim Shady LP", Eminem works around all of the controversy and puts out a very strong sophomore record. This album had three major hits that put this record near the top of the charts, including the very touching "Stan" (feat. Dido), a very funny song lyrically-"The Real Slim Shady", and a hard shot at all of Em's critics-"The Way I Am". This record is close to being great, but settles down at very good. This CD has three amazing songs (mentioned above), Six great songs: "Marshall Mathers", "Criminal", "Who Knew", "I'm Back", "Drug Ballad", and "B**** Please II", Two Awful songs: "Remember Me" and Under the Influence", and two other very scary songs "Kill You", and "Kim". In "Kim", Em raps about brutally killing his wife Kim, while still being able to make it home in time to care for his beloved daughter Hailie. Nonetheless, this album is still very good, and any Eminem fan should definitely have this. I recommend picking this album up along with Eminem's debut "The Slim Shady LP", before buying the "Eminem Show". 10/10-beats, 9/10 -lyrics, 7/10-flow, 9/10-production
 B000AA7B4I-1031 POSITIVO  The Marshal Mathers LP is perhaps the best rap album of 2000. For that, it does deserve a Grammy(and got one). Many people disagree though. I will admit to the fact that the moral message on this album is nothing to be proud of, and is something I would want no child or angry person to be listening to. But if you put that aside for a second and listen to the album ..., you'll find that Eminem's lyrical skill is top-notch. There were times where I would often marvel at the genious of his lyrics. The song &quot;Criminal&quot;, which might possibly convay the worst message on the album (besides that of &quot;Kim&quot;), is in my opinion, one of the best lyrical performances I've heard since the days of 36 Chambers and the Wu-Tang Clan. And when you wrap all this up, you end up with an album good on content, but bad on morals. I can't deciede between the two for you, but I personally, don't mind Eminem (although I am a bit sick of him). I recommend the album.h any of it. And as for the links to teenage violence, Columbine and all that other s**t, well we have the government, society, and the media to blame for that. Not just one guy from Detroit.Musically you can't call it a masterpiece, because in the genre that Eminem exists - Hip Hop - It's not.But then it isn't in the same bracket as Vanilla Ice and his unremarkable crap either.It's an album that has some funny, disturbing, thought provoking, sincere and insincere and genuinely upsetting lyrics. And it has some good solid beats that you can listen too quite easily.It's a lot darker than the Slim Shady Lp, which in heinsight was a comedy album. But then what were you expecting?. If you tell someone over and over again that they are something bad, they're going to begin to believe it themselves.Eminem does what he does because thats how he feels, and if you want a reason why he feels that way - take a look at the abuse thats been thrown in his direction and you find the cause and effect.I genuinely wanted to write a review that concerned music, not morals, maybe I can when this has died down... but it seems that at the moment someone needs to speak some sense.And do you know what? At the end of the day it really isn't any worse than whats going on in your parent's bedrooms.
 B000AA7B4I-1032 POSITIVO  You know, it's funny. When I bought this waayyy back in May 2000 i was really takin' a chance. I popped it in my cd player and flipped on my playstation so i could listen while i played. bam. I listened to it over and over. I must have listened to Stan 1000 times that night. This album is the end-all, be-all of music lover's everywhere. run to the cd store to buy it. NOW!
 B000AA7B4I-1033 POSITIVO  When I first read in a december 1998 issue of vibe magazine that eminem was going to be the next breakout star in rap. I was like yeah right then laughed. Now i can't believe it. Eminem is a unbelievable lyricist. This was possible one of the most violent and degrading cd's i ever heard. He bashes on dead people, mentally and physically challenged people, gays and leasbians, pop stars, fellow rappers, his mom, etc. It doesn't stop. My favorite tracks were who knew, i'm back, marshall mathers, drug ballad, bitch please 2, and criminal. the only lowlight of the whole cd was remember me with RBX. That song was horrible and it should have been replaced by the song &quot;The Kids&quot;, which was on the clean version of eminem's cd and a better song too.
 B000AA7B4I-1034 POSITIVO  i don't care what anybody says this boy can flow, some of the concepts for the songs are very corny, hotest tracks stan, marshall mathers, remember me, and b please 2
 B000AA7B4I-1035 POSITIVO  A mostly excellent collection of tracks. Eminem shows his rapping and lyrical supremacy best when he is alone. The best tracks are those without any guests. Starting with the catchy, in your face &quot;Kill You&quot;, the album gets off on the right foot. Followed by the excellent &quot;Stan&quot;, Em keeps flinging the great tracks, with &quot;Who Knew&quot;, &quot;The Way I am&quot; &quot;The real slim shady&quot; &quot;I'm Back&quot;, Marshall Mathers&quot;, &quot;Drug Ballad,&quot; and the great closing &quot;Criminal.&quot; Slim really proves that he doesn't care what anyone thinks, and that his music is basically his own outlet for his aggressions. Don't expect this to be happy pop, or appropriate for the little kids =). The detailed fantasy-murder of his ex in &quot;Kim&quot; really shows this. Anyways, with exception for the few weaker tracks, the jams are packed thick on this long disc.
 B000AA7B4I-1036 POSITIVO  This is one thousand times better then Em's first CD. If you expecting to hear songs all like The Real Slim Shady you are wrong. The songs on this are so much more mauture and deeper. But don't worry if you want the same slim...
 B000AA7B4I-1037 POSITIVO  This cd was the best cd i've listend to all year. I heard da 504 boyz, it was tight, but if you liked that you'll luv this. Sure he may offend some people, but he does it in a very funney way. Go get this cd
 B000AA7B4I-1038 POSITIVO  this is eminem's darkest and most ruthless album ever, he's definatly not afraid to tell you what he thinks. every song on this album is great i also like the song where em disses shaggy 2 dope and violent j hahaha. if ur an eminem fan i would highly recommend u buy this.
 B000AA7B4I-1039 POSITIVO  this is eminem at his best, this is who he is, this is the greatest album ever. this is better than all his other albums, even the ones that came after. Eminems sick and twisted style is fun to listen to because he is offensive, and every1 he disses deserved it!!!, there will never be another album like this. while sick and twisted, it has some very meaningful songs. its a lot better than the slim shady lp, and i heard this one b4 i heard that one. if i heard the slim shady lp first, i would think eminem isn't great beat wise because it had great lyrics, just like this one, but with crummy beats.i dont usually rate skits, but the PSA 2000 was just a great intro...10/10Kill You.....15/10...best opening everStan...20/10Who Knew.....16/10The Way I Am.....20/10The Real Slim Shady....16/10Remember Me......9/10I'm Back.....11/10Marshall Mathers.....13/10Drug Ballad....10/10Amityville.....10/10Bitch Please II......14/10Kim....20/10Under The Influence....15/10Criminal....17/10-now, almost every song is rated even above the highest rating of 10...to show how great they are, so #'s above 10 i just chose randomly because theyre all good, i really dont have preference of songs over others here, unless they fall under 10...but if it is 20/10...those are the best songs. my lowest rating is 9/10, which means even the worst song here is great.....u get what i mean.....im just trying to say, this album is phenomenal both beat wise and lyrically
 B000AA7B4I-1040 NEGATIVO  Slim wouldn't last five minutes in Harlem.
 B000AA7B4I-1041 POSITIVO  Slim Shady, Marshal Mathers, Eminem? It's not bad but just doesn't compare to the thumpi'n beats of his first LP. He should really work on making more songs like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;The real Slim Shady&quot;. Oh yeah by the way, Who is the real Slim Shady? he's already got so many names. I just hope he straightens out and makes his next album with better thoughts in his mind.
 B000AA7B4I-1042 POSITIVO  The marshall mathers LP was one of the best cds Ive ever purchased. The controversy was in fact well deserved, but Eminem is a truly good artist, to anyone who likes the rap genre.Especially, hardcore rap, even though he's now mainstream. His lyrics are dazzling, putting him right up there with many of the best rappers. The only people who dislike this album are poeple who take things too seriously or have no clue what true talent is. If you like Jay-Z,Dr dre, ja rule, nelly, Missy Elliot, scar face, D12, bubba sparxx, and other underground and mainstream rap artists eminem is a must have.
 B000AA7B4I-1043 NEGATIVO  ...Eminem displays an impressive range and intellect above and beyond his first lp (Slim Shady), improving in general composition-skill and overall confidence, while finding a theme at last (the pain of fame) other than the usual hedonistic musings. Of course, none of this would mean squat without the beats and melody to back it up, and the crystal-clear production by Dre more than meets this requiem: from the chilling snare on "marshall mathers" to the ubiquitous Dido guitar/vocal on "stan" to the funky beeb-bob synth that underscores the chorus of "the real slim shady"--Dre gives his prodigy a vehicle worth riding. And Em drives it straight to the bank while rapping about the fragile ties of his surrounding relationships and his overall disgust in being among the ego-driven wasteland of pop celebrity. Good stuff. The best songs here --Stan, Who Knew, Remember Me, The Way that I am, I'm Back, Marshal Mathers-- are inventive enough in form and flow and music that I'm going to grant this album two stars. It would have been more, but the vast amount of filler one must wade through to find the diamonds undercuts the rating:Specifically, almost the entire second side of 'Marshal Mathers', where Em's KillKill shtick gets real old real fast. "Amityville" is a waste of good music on sub par rhymes of "keepin' it real" and vulgar misanthropy by Bizarre, while "Criminal" is just a waste, period. "Kim" sounds like Em getting all his demons out on vinyl--sure, but must we have to endure a sickening diatribe to enjoy the pulsing piano and lush orchestration? Dre's talented efforts become hollow under such worthless rants. And to sum it up--"Under the Influence"--Em raps about how he doesn't care what we think, because he was (song's title) while writing the song (obviously paraphrased from extreme vernacular). Sorry, MM, but that's not much of an excuse for mediocrity.I suppose the next album will show us the true level of Eminem as an 'artist'. If he continues along the path of 'Marshal Mathers', i.e. directionless violent-fantasy rage and few-and-far-between glimpses of power and beauty, he will become another commodity like Britany Spears and Limp Bizkit, a shill for the corporate fat cat. Get it together, Em. Write something original, something cool...something _daring_, just for the sake of it!
 B000AA7B4I-1044 POSITIVO  Marshall Mathers Lp is one of Eminem's most notorious albums. Most rappers only have a few good songs on an album...and you will find yourself skipping to the next track. But with Eminem's albums, each and every song has its own distinctive beat and unique lyrics.Pop in this CD and the first song you'll hear is "Kill You." He seems to be pretty angry in this song as he raps about how he's going to kill bitches. But it turns out at the end that he's just kidding the whole time: "Hahaha, I'm just playin' ladies. You know I love you." This guy is a comedian; his songs will make you happy. Other amazing songs are "Stan", "The Way I Am," and "The Real Slim Shady."This album has explicit content which includes profanity and racist remarks. If you are offended by this type of music, listen to this album until you learn to like it.
 B000AA7B4I-1045 POSITIVO  rap usually sucks, but this is funny as h e l l!
 B000AA7B4I-1046 POSITIVO  DAMN! This cd kicks ass! u can't skip anything on this cd. here are the tracks (no skits, but psa is really funny!) and my reviews.kill you-interesting song about em wanting to kill his mom, kinda funny 4.5/5stan- everyone's heard this before 5/5who knew- offensive song, gets a little bit annoying after a while 4/5the way i am- everyone's heard this before, em's song about how he's pissed off at everyone 5/5the real slim shady- really funny, overplayed though 5/5remember me- collabo from rbx and sticky fingaz, a lot of people didn't like this but i thought it was kool, tight lyrics, nice beats 4.5/5i'm back- song about how eminem is well, back. funny, nice rhymes 5/5marshall mathers- slow ballad about how no one cared about em, but now everyone loves him 5/5drug ballad- hilarious ballad about drugs(what else?) 5/5amityville- weird song with a nice beat to it about how violent detroit is, bizarre's on this track, does a tight verse 5/5bitch please 2- awesome song with dre, snoop, nate dogg, and xzibit, good beats, good lyrics, kinda funny 5/5kim- quite possible the most sadistic song ever, all about how em wants to kill his wife, worth a listen 4/5under the influence- with d12, it says that they're all high, and if you don't like their music, they have a special message to you! (funniest song on the cd) 5/5criminal- all about how em's a criminal, funny skit in the middle of it, where dre says "muthaf***ing" about 5 times, 5/5if you have the cash, buy this cd, its the best investment i ever made
 B000AA7B4I-1047 POSITIVO  The biggest selling, and most controversial, rap album of all time was also one of the most haunting and captivating. From the very first song through the equally violent, psychotic, sadistic, wounded, angry, insecure, heartbroken, painful, and hilarious array of songs that follow it right to the very last one, Eminem makes it undoubtedly clear that he is the greatest rapper to emerge post-Pac and Biggie's death, and takes the hip-hop throne with an always up middle finger at his many critics.Standout tracks: &quot;Kill You,&quot; &quot;Stan,&quot; &quot;The Way I Am,&quot; &quot;Marshall Mathers,&quot; &quot;Drug Ballad,&quot; and &quot;Criminal.&quot;
 B000AA7B4I-1048 POSITIVO  this is definately one of the best CDs i have in my house (btw, my CD collection includes glenn gould's 1955 goldberg variations among other things). His thought and meditition are so unique, its hard to explain. &quot;the way i am&quot; is definately the best song on the album. Eminem is the best.p.s any of u moronic wannabe anti-intellectual &quot;gangstas&quot; out there who buy that 50 cent bulls**t really outa check this out
 B000AA7B4I-1049 POSITIVO  Eminem's sophmore album, The &quot;Marshall Mathers LP&quot; tops every lyrical performance on any other CD. Eminem's CD is a classic for the ages. Every track on this CD is a masterpiece. The guest appearances make all the songs great, from D12 to Dr.Dre the song go off. Eminem's seems to be at the tops of his performance when he appears solo. Tracks like Criminal, Kill You, Who Knew, and the best lyrical song The Way I Am point at Marshall's lyrical power. Tracks like Remember Me, Under The Influence, and Atymile gives the finishing touches to an amazing performance from Slim. Even the skits on these CD are funny overall this CD desrves five stars.
 B000AA7B4I-1050 POSITIVO  I just av to say tht this album is probably one of the best albums i av ever heard. Definately Eminem's best ever album and i don't think he will ever do one as good. Ever song is brilliant. But my favourites av to be, kill you, who knew, the way i am, i'm back, drug ballad, Bitch Please II, Criminal. This album is simply amazing, the best ever
 B000AA7B4I-1051 POSITIVO  Eminem is a very good rapper the white media just over rates him to much. The best song on there is Stan but people act like that is the best song every made. But any way this album is good Eminem just got too fu**ing crazy on Kim and Kill you. My God Eminem.
 B000AA7B4I-1052 POSITIVO  When I first bought this album, I returned it. I was ten at the time. But today, I have again purchased the album. Eminem is a genius and he is deserving of every good word said of him. The only reason people attack his character is because they know that he's saying all the things that we WANT to say, but can't because we're restrained by society's expectations of us. Those of you who can't deal with his music because you find it offensive, do us all a favor and turn off the TV or the radio when he comes on and let the rest of us enjoy him. You're not obligated to listen to him. No one's forcing you. As for myself, I find his music invigorating. &quot;The Way I Am&quot; was the first song I ever heard from him, and is still my favorite. All in all, I loved this album and I think it's a well deserved wake up call to everyone who thinks that holding their tongues and not saying what they mean is a wise thing. Nothing good ever came from shutting up.
 B000AA7B4I-1053 POSITIVO  I used to hate Eminem, but now I think he's cool. I enjoy being shocked. And there's a lot of 'shocking' lyrics on this CD that I just can't get enough of. I don't like rap music very much, but with Eminem, I'll make an exception. He's a white guy who can rap in the most entertaining way. Some of his songs are disturbing, like "Kim", where he sings about killing his wife for cheating on him. Others are just plain funny. My favorite song on this whole CD is "The Way I Am", which is the only one I truly take seriously. It really makes me think. This CD is definetly worth a listen. However, if you're very religious or easily offended, don't get this album. It contains some VERY EXPLICIT LYRICS!!! I don't even like the idea of children listening to Eminem. He's one heck of an entertainer but a terrible role model for children.
 B000AA7B4I-1054 POSITIVO  TIHS ALBUM IS ALOT BETTER THAN THE SLIM SHADY LP. MY FAVORITE SONGS ARE &quot;KILL YOU&quot; AND &quot;THE WAY I'AM&quot;. THAT SONG &quot;KIM&quot; THAT IS ONE F***ED UP SONG. BUT HEY I LIKE IT IT'S COOL. OVERALL THE ALBUM IS VERY VERY GOOD.
 B000AA7B4I-1055 POSITIVO  I for one believe in freedom of speech and am against censorship and this album (and its outcome) is a prime example that freedom of speech is DEAD.This is a great album and I hope that in the future people can look past all the controversy and regognize this as a great piece of work.The best songs are 'The Way I Am', 'Kill You','Under The Influence'f/D12,'B**** Please' f/Snoop Dogg,Dr Dre,and Xzibit,'Criminial',the errie 'Stan' f/Dido,'I`m Back','Kim','Amityville'f/Bizarre,'Marshal Mathers',and 'Drug Ballod'.
 B000AA7B4I-1056 POSITIVO  First, I wanted to say Em is dead sexy and is so coool. Anyways,this is an awesome CD. The songs are awesome and I think that he really opens up his mind and says what he thinks and his opinion. Em opens up his mind on this CD more than any other CD. He has a lot guts to say what he does on this CD. Like on the song "Kim",He opens up what he thinks about her. And he really hates her,according to the song. But on every song he really opens up weather the song is humorous or serious. Sometimes I think my life is really hard but I find comfort listening to this CD because Em has had a hard life too and its like he knows how I feel. The best songs are:THE REAL SLIM SHADY, STAN, KIM, CRIMINAL,AND MARSHALL MATHERS.Of course,though all the songs are great.
 B000AA7B4I-1057 POSITIVO  ...the CD is great. Eminem pushes the envelope (like he always does) even further than his debut release. People keep yapping about his lyrics and him hiding behind all this psychological nonsense. The truth is that there are many people that do understand his sense of humor ..... He just has the brass ones to put it on an album and let everyone here the jokes. Do not let any of these naysayers ward you off. This is one of the best rap CDs that you can find. It seems rare anymore to find a cd that you can play from start to finish and not have to hit the skip button. ...this is a cd worth having.
 B000AA7B4I-1058 POSITIVO  After I first heard this Cd..I was blown away at the emotion that it brings...it will have you crying one minute and reaching for a chainsaw the next.....This is hands down the greatest rap album ever and possibly one of the greatest overall.....Em doesn;t hold back on anyone..anyone that crossed him during 99 heard about it here and I think thats is the coolest thing about him..alot of other artists have beefs with others but they hold it in or tell it in an interview...Em just sets it in stone for generations and generations
 B000AA7B4I-1059 NEGATIVO  First things first: this is the CLEAN version of the cd. OK, so saying, thats why i gave this a low rating. It's not the best of eminem's cds, but its still good. However, the clean version is HORRIBLE. You can barely listen to it, so much is bleeped out.They even cut out dumb stuff like "cut". The only thing I like on this cd is the song "the kids" which i cant find on the unedited version of the marshall mathers lp. its a very good song even though it is edited. so my advice to u is to get the unedited version if u like eminem. its a good cd, worth the money.
 B000AA7B4I-1060 POSITIVO  That's exactly what this album is. Eminem is one of my favorite rappers. I like the stuff he be rappin about cuz some of it's funny as while other songs be more serious. If another white rapper came on the scene, he wouldn't touch Eminem cuz Em is original...I like this album better than his last one "Slim Shady LP," but nonetheless, Eminem is hot!
 B000AA7B4I-1061 POSITIVO  Eminem is one of the most talented rappers in the game. He has witty, funny, and unbelievably complex lyrics. I really believe that it comes down to him, Jay-Z, and Redman as the best emcees living. Em starts off with "Kill You" where he has a sick beat to support his sick flow. Other unbelievable songs are "Stan", the hilarious "Who Knew", the dark and disturbing "The Way I Am", "I'm Back", and "Marshall Mathers" (someone finally clowns ICP, thank you Em), "B Please 2" and "Criminal". This album displays that Eminem is hungery and is ferocious about his music and his rhymes. People could really learn from this talented cat.
 B000AA7B4I-1062 POSITIVO  A lot of anger in here...probably the softest spot is the classic "Stan", a story about a suicidal Slim Shady fan. So that's the mood. Lyrically, this is probably Eminem's best album as yet, the only problems being some weak beats and very samey subject matter. The Slim Shady LP was pretty diverse really...this is all either-fame sucks, gay people suck, or fame sucks more than gay people. That's not really much of an issue on dopeness liek Remember Me though.
 B000AA7B4I-1063 POSITIVO  the best cd ever is this, all songs exellent, not one bad song. eminem fans, i urge you to buy it
 B000AA7B4I-1064 POSITIVO  This album is very, very good, The Real Slim Shady will go down as one of those other rock solid Rap classics. Grand master Flash-White lines, Sugerhill Gang-Rappers Delight, all come to mind whenever I listen to, and even think about this album, will be a true classic indeed. Very, very good, it'll put a wicked smile right across your face for a good hour after it's finished.
 B000AA7B4I-1065 POSITIVO  Probably America's most controversial rapper makes one hell of a return. I really wasn't too big of a fan of Eminem's Slim Shady LP. Sure, it was ok, had a few good songs. Marshall Mathers on the other hand is anything and everything a rap fan can ask for.It still has all the profane music in Slim Shady, but it is different profane music. Eminem bashes parents who aren't guiding their children well. He bashes boy/girl bands and homosexuals. He really offends... everyone. He has a point though that parents shouldn't let their children listen to this stuff. He is never racist though. My favorite tracks are Stan, Who Knew, The Real Slim Shady, Marshall Mathers, Drug Ballad, and also Criminal.Last and definently not least. If you are a parent DON'T buy this for anyone under, say 14 (thats even pushing it). Even the edited version is probably bad. If you are dumb enough to buy this for kids, Eminem has all the right to bash you he wants!
 B000AA7B4I-1066 POSITIVO  This CD need not be taken seriously and you definetly have to 'get a sense of humor' (which Eminem suggests in Who Knew)before listening to this. This CD is way phat and has unbelievable ryhmes. I agree that it could be percieved as offensive by many, but this CD is so full of hilarity and wit, it cannot be passed up. The songs have many references to inappropreiate things, but if you listen to this with a sense of humor, it is definetly the most enjoyable Cd yet to have come from the head of this phenomenon.
 B000AA7B4I-1067 POSITIVO  Even if you dislike rap music you will probably love this album because of the great lyrical content. eminem's lyrics are so outrageous and over-the-top they will make you laugh hard. This album also has really great tunes. Almost every song is great. God bless America and just say no to censorship.
 B000AA7B4I-1068 POSITIVO  His Sophmore cd proves he can be white and rap as good as a black rapper. All his tracks are phat and he is the best. From Kill You to Criminal, he tells it like it is and he is not afraid of what other people think of him.
 B000AA7B4I-1069 POSITIVO  My review doesn't compete against the rest of these reviews but I wanted to get a point across. I know everybody's favorite song off this CD is &quot;the real slim shady&quot; &amp; &quot;stan&quot;, yeah those songs are great but this CD has so much more to offer there are alot of more great songs on this CD than just &quot;stan&quot;. Like I said &quot;Forget about Stan&quot; like you &quot;Forgot about Dre. Buy this CD and enjoy it but don't just listen to &quot;the Real Slim Shady&quot; &amp; just &quot;Stan&quot; listen to the whole CD I am sure you will like it just as much as you like those 2 tracks.
 B000AA7B4I-1070 POSITIVO  this disc reminds me of a scene in pulp fiction. the scene when john travolta turns around in the car and asks marvin if he really thinks god stopped the bullets from hitting him and jules. then accidentally shoots marvin in the face. when it happens, you might find yourself laughing, then realize that your laughing at someone dying. thats the attitude this entire album puts off. fuuny as hell, but with extremely sick and dark subject matters. if your into things like that, this is for you.
 B000AA7B4I-1071 POSITIVO  Woah! Its been a long time since I bought an album on spec but this one really paid off. Eminem is sooooo witty and he says all the stuff that half the time I wish I had the balls to say, not only this he does to the tune of catchy riffs and cool samples. Every time I listen to it I hear a line that I missed before. Luckily, having a sense of humour, I know better than to take half the stuff too seriously but I would worry that there are looneys out there who will take it to heart and do the kinda stuff that he sings about. This is going to be playing on a loop on my stereo for a long time yet. He the man!
 B000AA7B4I-1072 POSITIVO  This album is so phat I can't even explain. His lyrics are so true.....a little funny but alwayz true. He may seem scary to peeps like funky lil' Britney Spears but ya know.....he's not so bad.....not so bad......(stan) You gotta listen to that song too. It could touch your soul if you listen hard enough. I rate this album and all the songs on it a 1000.....if they had enough stars u'd get that in the beginning. Welp, listen up and u'll see for urself what I'm talkin about.
 B000AA7B4I-1073 POSITIVO  He says what he wants, when he wants, how he wants, for how ever long he wants... and you have not choice except to sit back and listen. And I wouldn't have it any other way. The Marshall Mathers LP takes the listener into the mind of Eminem and diving into a sea of obscenities and drama that makes up the life story of Mr. Mathers himself. But what's amazing is that in all it's vularity that the raps are so beautifully delivered. It's easy to arrive at the conclusion that Eminem has become the greatest lyricist on the scene today. This album keeps you guessing, thinking, and cringing with every resounding procussion beat. And you wouldn't have it any other way. Every track stands out to say the least..but some more than others. Such as the haunting (Dido accompanied) &quot;Stan&quot;, a brilliant mix of role playing in hip-hop. I could go on forever as would the 8 million people that own this album would. ... Simply put, The Marshall Mathers LP is the 'in-your-face' album of all time. Eminem puts himself out there in such a manner that a listener feels as though they've been yanked out of a naievete-ridden world and yanked into Slim Shady World...and we wouldn't have it any other way.t sometimes I think you've just got to let some things go and laugh about them. Music is for entertainment, not analysis. I heard some guy on the radio discrediting song number 3 called Stan, saying how it encourages guys to lock their girlfriends in the trunk of thier cars. What B******t! Obviously this guy hasn't heard the entire song. I thought it was awesome; simply a message not to make rash decisions before you know the other side of the story. If you buy the album I promise you'll agree.And if you are considering buying it, do yourself a favour and spend the cash - or borrow the album from a friend, you'll be hooked after one listen and end up buying it anyway. Don't miss out because you heard its too vulgar, or somebody said this or that, or because you heard one song and didn't like it. There's a multitude of differnet tunes you'll enjoy if you've come this far already. And I bet you've brought worse albums. This guy's a MAJOR talent; too good to miss out on. And his lyrics will stay in your head long after you've tunred the CD player off.
 B000AA7B4I-1074 POSITIVO  Ok, so people are complaining about Em's new cd, especially the song &quot;Kim&quot;. I have to admit that I don't own the cd, I've just listened to it from friends, and I was amazed at what I heard. I think that the song &quot;Kim&quot; is one of the most amazing songs I have ever heard in my life. It provokes an emotional response from the listener--it tells a story that other artists don't tell. It contains real emotions, and it's too bad that some people are too afraid to admit that the &quot;vulgur&quot; and &quot;disturbing&quot; lyrics are what makes the song that much more powerful and honest. I plan on buying the cd, and it's all thanks to that one song. Listen to it, you won't regret it.
 B000AA7B4I-1075 POSITIVO  This guy Eminem, he's the man of the minute, yet it seems that every 1 hates him yet they love his music.........In my case I think him and his music are both brilliant.As a true fan of Shady's I can honestly tell all true rap fans this is the absolute bomb!! If u aint into rap buy it, listen to his words, he may swear but atleast it's individual work.......A thing that u will notice is many sound effects in the background when he sings, LISTEN UP!! Every song has it's own meanin!! Later Eminem!! ...ND to the DUMB motherfuckers who think EMINEM IS THE BEST RAPPER OF ALL-TIME, LISTEN TO HIP-HOP FROM THE EARLY 80'S TO NOW, AND MOST FOR THE RAPPERS IN HISTORY AND THEN U DUMB MOTHERFUCKING WHITE PEOPLE MAKE A JUDGEMENT ON THE BEST RAPPER OF ALL-TIME. plus EMINEM DISSING NSYNC and people like that I want to see him diss some REAL-THUG ASS RAPPERS, HE PROBALY GET HE'S BITCH ASS KICKED. because he's bitch ass IS NOT NO THUG. more artlessly, say it was all meant to be a joke, a big, knee slapping joke and that those who are disgusted or offended or saddened by all of this vulgarity, lack of civility and lowlife antics need to get a sense of humour. Well, the joke will soon be on Eminem - the chances are against this punk surviving and not becoming another statistic in the rap star hall of early deaths. There is no way that anyone who thinks and acts like this can maneuver their way through adulthood successfully. Enjoy it while you can Eminem. It - and you- won't last.
 B000AA7B4I-1076 POSITIVO  The Marshall Mathers LP takes a little time to get used to (or for me, atleast, it did). After I listened to it for a while, I realized it wasn't something to take seriously. The majority of the CD is simply humor (sick, misconstrued humor, might I add). But still, it's quite unique, I'd have to say. I've never heard anyone with his style. The music, itself and along with the timbre, is really catchy. I absolutely love the minstrelsy of it all (above all the ocean of profanity). For those of you who are offended by this kind of bambarding utterance...I guess this CD's simply not something you could take (hey, there's always the edited version). But honestly, if you simply listen to the music and the intone of the music on here, it really is an entertaining purchase.
 B000AA7B4I-1077 POSITIVO  This CD is my absolute favorite CD ever. I listen to it about the total of at least an hour, every single day. I'll never get tired of Eminem. He speaks his mind and that's part of what makes his music awesome. Plus, his songs all have really good beats. And his lyrics get his point across. But a lot of the time, his rhymes are just to make people laugh and shouldn't be taken seriously. I love Eminem's music so much. And it's good for any mood. If you're angry, it lets out some of your anger. Or if you're in a good mood, it puts you in a better mood. It's perfect to listen to when you're bored. But if you're a goody-goody, or just can't stand curse words or fictional violence, then don't get this CD.
 B000AA7B4I-1078 POSITIVO  I love this CD it hardly ever comes out of my CD player. I like it because he talks about real stuff and it makes me feel like i know him personaly. I also think that he is the hottest guy around. HE IS SO FINE!
 B000AA7B4I-1079 POSITIVO  DO NOT LISTEN TO THE UNEDITED VERSION, ALL THE WAY THROUGH. IF YOU DO, I SWEAR YOU'LL GO INSANE. That's how bad this C.d. is. It's packed with killings, drugs, and worst of all, life. It's a really negitive c.d., but buy it if your a hard-core rap fan. ... If you'd rather have music that sings about love and how great life is (in other words, &quot;If you'd rather have music that lies to you.&quot;) Buy somthin else. I personally LIKE music that dishes out the truth, even if it is harsh. But I guess that's just me.t you should be liking it for the commical and shock value of it, and not the &quot;meaning&quot; of his music. (Pretty insightful for a 15 year old.)ill find this album to be very good.Peace to all the true hip hop headz out there. And a fat d-ck to all you &quot;anti-rap&quot; and &quot;politically correct&quot; co-ksuckers.
 B000AA7B4I-1080 POSITIVO  First Came Infinet,then Game Over, then The Slim Shady LP. Now The Marshall Matthers LP. This Is The Most Foul,Funny,Explict,Dissin Other People,Cursing,And Seued Album By Eminem This Album Is Da Bomb It Makes Fun of:N'Sync,Christina Agulera,Ect.,Ect.
 B000AA7B4I-1081 NEUTRO  A decent album, the violently disturbing tracks are offset by a few good tracks that ring with a darker sense of humor than most of today's popular music. A few of the tracks even invite one to sing along, but still a few invite one to curl up in a corner and cringe.
 B000AA7B4I-1082 POSITIVO  WOW! That's all I have to say. This boy can RAP! I used to only listen to black rappers like MC Hammer and Will Smith, but Eminem showed me that white people can rap, too. He cusses up a storm, and seems angry at a lot of people (he even &quot;disses&quot; Britney Spears, my favorite singer, but I can forgive him since he's so good at rapping), but what really shines through for me is his ability to RAP. Yes, that's what the album is all about - RAPPING. As a child I beatboxed and freestyled in the playground, and later I even bought a mixer, a 303, and two Technics 1200 turntables, but I was never a RAPPER the way Eminem is. (Actually, the purpose of the electronics purchases I referred to was to &quot;DJ,&quot; but that's another story. Suffice it to say I wasn't very good at that either.) Yes, Eminem is a very good RAPPER, and that's why he sells so many records. He may say some wild and crazy stuff, and even get rude and cuss, like when he talks about his mom or his wife, and how he want to kill both of them, but his RAPPING makes it all sound pretty darned good if you ask me.
 B000AA7B4I-1083 POSITIVO  I have nothing else to say other than if you don't got this album and you are a rap fan, you got to get this CD. It is just too funny! 'Kill You' rocks, I laugh every time I hear it, 'Marshall Mathers' is wicked as is the rest of the CD. 'Kim' and 'Drug Ballad' are my other favorites. He just rocks 'cause he speaks his mind. you just got to get it. Five out of Five
 B000AA7B4I-1084 POSITIVO  I do not own the Marshall Mathers LP, but I have always wanted it since it came out. He may be a white boy, but he raps as good as Dr.Dre, or anybody eles in the music industry. U have got to give him credit. He's the only one out there since Vanilla Ice stopped .
 B000AA7B4I-1085 POSITIVO  Eminems last LP &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; really showedeveryone what he was capable of and, although surrounded by badreviews and controversy, it still did very well. His new album is equally as good, but maybe lacking in the originality department.It kicks off with the new Public Service Announcement which basically makes a joke of the last PSA. Then theres &quot;Kill You&quot;, which is a fantastic track to kick the album off, and really sets the atmosphere up. Then theres &quot;Stan&quot;, where Eminem talks about a fan who killed himself over em's songs. This is arguably the best track on the album, and is definetly worth a buying the album for. Then theres another call from Em's agent &quot;Paul&quot;, nothing new here. Then theres a second song about a fan who took em's music a little too seriously. This isn't as good as Stan but its still pretty cool. Then theres a conversation between Em and his producer &quot;Steve&quot;. This is quite funny. Then you've got &quot;The Way I Am&quot;, which is another great track thats worth a listen. Em says how people react to him and he doesn't give a ( ). Then theres the single from the LP, &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;. This is probebly the happiest and most fun track on the album with plenty of Limp Bizkit/Christina Aguilera gags thrown in for good measure (watch the video because it Rocks! ). Then theres &quot;Remember me&quot;, which is very similar to last years &quot;Just don't give a F**k&quot;. Next up is &quot;I'm Back&quot;, another song where Em takes on his &quot;Slim Shady&quot; persona. Quite good, but again pretty un-original as it sounds a lot like some of the stuff we've heard before. Then theres my favourite song on the album titled &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;. Its got quite a slow beat to it and Em talks about how success has effected him. Very Cool. Then we hear Ken Kaniff instructing &quot;Shaggy&quot; and &quot;Jay&quot; what to do with his genatalia. This is as hilarious as the first time we heard from Ken in &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; (just don't play it infront of your mum and dad!). Then theres the &quot;Drug Ballad&quot;. This track is very similar to 1999's &quot;Cum on Everybody&quot; in its layout. Its an ok track,but again, not to original. Next up is &quot;Amityville&quot;. Quite good, but still not too original. Next is DrDre and SnoopDog's &quot;Bitch Please II&quot;. Its pretty good, but also pretty poor for Dre. Next we find out how em's wife ended up in the trunk of the car in 1999's &quot;97' Bonne and Clyde&quot;. Its ok, but its pretty nasty. Its one of those songs where em puts the language and nastyness on overload, but its still pretty good. The next track, &quot;Under the Influence&quot; is rather good, but again the style and the beat are pretty un-original. Finally theres &quot;Criminal&quot;, that starts off the same way as 1999's &quot;Still don't give a f**k&quot;. Its pretty damn good, but i don't think it was the best track to end the album with.So, if you like Em, and you've heard his last album, then you'll adore this. If your just getting into Em, get his first album first. If you don't like language or nasty lyrics, then stay well away. I loved it, so, get it! But don't expect anything completly original END
 B000AA7B4I-1086 POSITIVO  I think that Eminem had the hype and the balls to reach stardmom, and does have the balls to make a well rounded CD. His views change dramatically from song to song making it easier to get into the music because whatever mood you are in you can turn on this CD and be assured you will be greated by whatever you would like to hear. I must admit that I liked Eminem's lighter hip-hop sound at first, but his &quot;hard-core&quot;(I grimace to say this about Marshal Mathers)are much better. But the CD is cramme full of the original and much treasured hip-hop sounds such as The Real Slim Shady. I think that although the CD is a good buy that the collection of songs needed to be seperated better and organized. I think that if people give Eminem enough time, and I for one am hoping they will, he will produce an awesome and overall hardcore CD. This one only proved my suspicions that he had that real rapper some where inside of him.
 B000AA7B4I-1087 POSITIVO  Are you kidding me? Drop the hype and look at the album if he was not as famous as he became. Em's lyrics are not only witty, but powerful. Yes, this album is not for uptight people, but for those of us who like to live a little and speak our minds. Sit back, listen, and laugh.
 B000AA7B4I-1088 POSITIVO  ...em combines funny lyrics with real depth and he is not afraidto say what he feels. the CD is awesome and i cant compare it to theother one cuz they are too different but i loved both of them!peace
 B000AA7B4I-1089 POSITIVO  i bought this cd the first week it came out and it is now one of my favorites.this cd does have one bad song on it. it's called &quot;remember me&quot; and it's track n0.9(dont waste your time listening to it
 B000AA7B4I-1090 POSITIVO  This album is much better than the Slim Shady LP. The beats are much more fitting to Eminem. His lyrical ability has also improved. This album is much less commercial than the first. Yes, he does have a lot of hype around him, and that does help sell records, but I bought this album because I see his lyrical ability. Dr.Dre saw his talent and so do I. The bottom line is that Eminem is an excellent mc, and can write very entertaining songs. Regardless of his skin color, it is like he said, &quot;I just spit better than 90 percent of you rappers out there.&quot; -The Real Slim Shady.
 B000AA7B4I-1091 POSITIVO  This new album by Eminem is definitely worthwhile getting. It has everything that the Slim Shady LP had and the same cartoonistic sound effects along with a little humor. With this album, as with the Slim Shady LP, you can never tell if what he is saying is things that he does or things he just jokes about. In the song &quot;Stan&quot; A troubled fan keeps writing Eminem talking about all the things that he has done that Eminem influenced him to do. When he talks about tying up his girlfriend and putting her in the trunk, or slitting his wrists to see how much it hurts Eminem never writes him back until Stan actually commits suicide but he tells Stan that he was joking about the wrist part in his songs, and that maybe he should get some help. He said his girlfriend would treat him better if he was kinder to her. In the entire album, Eminem brings out what he truly is. Definitely get this album, it is not something to miss.
 B000AA7B4I-1092 POSITIVO  I recently bought this cd expecting it to have a few good songs, but not many. Boy was I wrong!This cd was full of good songs from start to finsish. Even if you don't like the lyrics the beats are great!
 B000AA7B4I-1093 POSITIVO  I did not expect much from this CD but I got an ear full. This guy is talented and humorous. The CD is GREAT, I think his critics would even have to admit, it is good material. &quot;Kill You&quot; definitely is one of the 'stand-out' tracks. I was glued to my stereo for the entire 70 + minutes. Buy a copy for yourself and a friend. This is definitely NOT &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot;. It is on a entirely different level.
 B000AA7B4I-1094 POSITIVO  I was one of the few who actually didn't like &quot;Real Slim Shady,&quot; I felt that it was too poppy and was weak. But after I heard a number of the tracks I soon found out that this album is just as outrageous as the first... actually more so! But also, one can tell that Eminem has matured as an artist. The track &quot;Stan&quot; would be the prime example of this. The song is serious, and I consider it his opus. Anyway, for a really great album that is as outrageous as an Insane Clown Posse album, only with an artist that is actually talented, buy the Marshall Mathers LP. Oh and speaking of ICP, there is a dis on them on track 11, &quot;Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay/ claiming Deroit when ya'll live twenty miles away...&quot; ICP is weak anyway. It's wild, it's fun, and it will get you kicked out of your house!
 B000AA7B4I-1095 POSITIVO  The Marshal Mathers LP is great! Eminem's second LP blows the first one away! Songs like Amityville,Kill You,I'm Back, and my favorite #16 Kim are awesome. Those are the songs they really would have a hard time putting on the radio. If you liked The Slim Shady LP you'll love Marshall Mathers. Only thing I didn't like is that disgustingly funny Ken Kaniff skit where 2 homosexuals give a bj to Ken.
 B000AA7B4I-1096 POSITIVO  This is a pretty good album. he pushes freedom of speech to the limit on this one. Very entertaining and he's not afraid to diss anyone. I listened to it and i laughed till i cried. He's mad funny.
 B000AA7B4I-1097 POSITIVO  Eminem is definately the best rapper (Dr. Dre would be second). This new CD is more personal, The Slim Shady LP was all about his alter-ego Slim Shady. The controversial first single is probably the best song on the CD. It is among other great songs like Stan (about an obsessed fan) and Kim (about the woman who is now his wife). Overall, this is a really great album and you should all go out and buy it!
 B000AA7B4I-1098 POSITIVO  Eminem is definately the best rapper (Dr. Dre would be second). This new CD is more personal, The Slim Shady LP was all about his alter-ego Slim Shady. The controversial first single is probably the best song on the CD. It is among other great songs like Stan (about an obsessed fan) and Kim (about the woman who is now his wife). Overall, this is a really great album and you should all go out and buy it!
 B000AA7B4I-1099 POSITIVO  Rap's white bad boy Eminem returns with his sophomore CD, "The Marshall Mathers LP," a CD so true to life itself and yet so haunting, listeners can't help but love it. The first track, "The Real Slim Shady," is as upbeat as this CD gets. "The Marshall Mathers LP" takes an haunting look at the "real" Eminem-- his opinions, his life and his inner self. And while some tracks you'll laugh at, others will keep you up at night wondering who the REAL Eminem is. The CD's most haunting and realistic track, "Kim," focuses on Eminem murdering his wife, sound effects and all. The emotion Eminem sings with, as well as the haunting cords in the background, are as real as it gets without blood being on his hands. However, this one song alone could be the reason for the CD's Parental Advisory-- but continue listening and listeners will find out that there is much more. True to any rapper, Eminem says cuss words like there is no tomorrow. Additionally, Eminem attacks everyone and anyone, from boy and girl groups to critics to fellow ex-white rapper Vanilla Ice. Eminem shows he has no mercy ... "The Real Slim Shady" is the G-rated version of Eminem's feelings, and numerous other songs on the CD also tell it the way it is in Eminem's world. He attacks Britney Spears, Puff Daddy and N Sync song after song, with each song getting more vulgar and more dark. Still, while the same message is coming across-- that he hates pop music and was sent here to destroy it-- his lyrics get more creative the more vulgar Eminem gets. The best lyric of the bunch being a take-off on LFO's "Summer Girls." Although most of the CD is devoted to Eminem's personal attacks on pop culture, "Kill You," "Kim," and "Stan" take a look at Eminem's approach to life, women, fame and his family. These songs are where the CD gets dark and also where Eminem's true talent shines through. His lyrics will haunt you even after the songs are over because the emotion he sings with sounds so hauntingly real. These songs, along with Eminem's uncensored opinions on the world today and catchy medlies, show his growth from the first CD to the second as well as the undeniable fact that Slim Shady is here to stay. While Eminem's first CD distinguished him as a rapper in a world where white and rap don't co-exist, this CD shows Eminem isn't afraid to be himself. However, his over-the-top approach to addressing every subject on the CD makes listeners question who the real Slim Shady truly is. Until we find that out, as Eminem so vulgarly points out, we will continue to buy his music...
 B000AA7B4I-1100 POSITIVO  Eminem is a smashing album, from the beginning to the end all the songs are great! But especially the song &quot;stand&quot; featuring Dido. There are alot of other good songs such as &quot;the real slim shady&quot; and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;. I think this ones better then the first one because it has better beatz. There is not one song that is bad on this album!
 B000AA7B4I-1101 POSITIVO  I was a bit skeptical of this followup, but when I popped it in I wasn't let down at all. He sure hasn't toned down, that's for sure. The only problem I got is all the lashing out on this album is a way more venomous on this one than it was on Slim Shady. But anyways... the best cuts here have gotta be Stan, Kim, Drug Ballad, and The Way I Am. Stan is definitely the most haunting track I've heard, and Kim is hands down the most chilling. Don't trust anyone who has a chuckle at either of them, and that's all that's left to say.
 B000AA7B4I-1102 POSITIVO  all the bleached-blonde football players who picked up eminem's first album because of his use of the &quot;f word&quot;..are gonna be sorely peeved. this album is a thousand times more melodic, mature, and brilliant than the slim shady lp...if that's possible. the beats are no longer the same repetitive thing over and over, and eminem is attacking those same people that want to blame him for the downfall of societ..and it's about time he fired back. but the high point of the album, at least for me, comes when he lets his ecclectic side show....the sampling of acoustic lilith-chick dido on the album's most moving track, &quot;stan&quot;. all in all, this is for the thinking slim shady fans. thank god.
 B000AA7B4I-1103 POSITIVO  Not being a rap fan, I've to admit that I was really cracking up with the warning on Track 1. Eminem's got a great sense of humor and his lyrics are well done. If you like rap, this is a definite, if you dont, still try it out cause its really interesting and fun.
 B000AA7B4I-1104 POSITIVO  Eminem has outdone himself, creating a nearly 100% original album with very little &quot;guest&quot; use, a great album where you don't have to search through the tracks to see which one is good. I can count 5 great tracks off the top of my head, but there are many more. For the eminem fan and general hip-hop fan a good cd.
 B000AA7B4I-1105 POSITIVO  Eminem has definitely topped his also-spectacular Slim Shady LP. The new disc is much more musical and much more lyrically challenging, and it reflects the expanded experience that Eminem has gone through since Slim Shady came out. The second track, &quot;Kill You,&quot; is hilarious, and his versatility and tongue-twisting lyrical style makes me listen to certain passages over and over again---even though I understood what he said the first time---just marveling at his ability to compile and deliver such a torrent of words with such speed, precision, inflection, and meaning. The only bad track on the disc is #3, &quot;Stan,&quot; but maybe it will grow on me in time. &quot;Kim&quot; is, as MTV's Kurt Loder said, &quot;the most disturbing thing I've ever heard,&quot; ...
 B000AA7B4I-1106 POSITIVO  I bought this CD on it's release date and I listened to it the whole way home. I think that this CD it great. I loved the Slim Shady LP. He talked about coming from Rock Bottom and getting all the way to the top. I also love the Marshall Mathers LP. He explains how he got ideas for songs on the Slim Shady LP. The MMLP shows how the songs &quot;Bonnie &amp; Clyde '97&quot; coincide with &quot;Kim&quot;. I am a huge fan of Eminem and I love his work!
 B000AA7B4I-1107 POSITIVO  I dont know which is better, the first album or this one but this album is much more funny. Em's track 16 is...... got to listen to it. This is tight! But this album is more serious then the last one because he is saying some important stuff about gun violence, kids acted up, and die hard fans of him. Em does not like fans all on his D... I guess I didnt realize that artist got tired of die hard fans. I guess I should lay off Too Short because I am a big fan of him but he might make a track doing me like Em did to a fan named Stan? track #3.
 B000AA7B4I-1108 POSITIVO  Eminem is definately the best rapper (Dr. Dre would be second). This new CD is more personal, The Slim Shady LP was all about his alter-ego Slim Shady. The controversial first single is probably the best song on the CD. It is among other great songs like Stan (about an obsessed fan) and Kim (about the woman who is now his wife). Overall, this is a really great album and you should all go out and buy it!
 B000AA7B4I-1109 POSITIVO  welp, hes done it again, the cuts on here are better than the last record, more serious in a way, hes shown another side of himself and what hes gotta say, if u like his style u'll like this cd, go out and get it if u want ... ...its a good album...all cuts are good, its worth your 16 dollars. is . I think he's got more nerve then anyone in the music industry right now . He's da bomb !
 B000AA7B4I-1110 POSITIVO  I just got this cd. It is funny. The beats are so incredibly ausome. The rap is good. Get it and you wont be dissapointed. EMINEM IS COOL! PS: IT IS A GOOD CD IF U LIKE RAP! OR THE REAL SLIM SHADY. HE IS THE REAL SLIM SHADY!
 B00000281O-0 POSITIVO  While not strictly a soundtrack of the classic television series &quot;I Love Lucy&quot;, this CD does have several of the most memorable musical numbers from the show.The Mertzes and Lucy join in with Desi on &quot;Jingle Bells&quot;, &quot;California Here I come&quot; and others. Famous Lucy &amp; Desi numbers include &quot;Cuban Pete&quot;, &quot;We're Having a Baby&quot;, &quot;There's a Brand New Baby at Our House&quot;, and the vocal version of the &quot;I Love Lucy&quot; theme song. These are interspersed with songs taken from classic radio programs featuring Desi.The opening cut is a modernized dance version of &quot;Babalu&quot; with dialog from the show spliced in as a rap-like accompaniment. A little annoying at first, but it can grow on you if you let it.The opening cut was made by Weird Al of pop star impersonation fame (&quot;Eat It&quot;, &quot;Girls Just Want to Have Lunch&quot;, &quot;The Saga Begins&quot;, &quot;Dare to be Stupid&quot;).Yankovic also produced the CD. In a nice turn, he keeps a low profile on the album, letting the music of the Lucy show speak almost entirely for itself. I thought that showed a respect for the classic series, and more importantly, for Desi's music.The CD is reasonably priced, and well worth the smiles you'll get remembering musical moments from &quot;I Love Lucy&quot;.
 B00000281O-1 POSITIVO  This is the greatest CD I have ever heard. Desi Arnaz is perhaps the greatest singer-songwriter our country has ever seen. It is an honor for me to be able to review this incredible work of art. It is a sign of Amazon's musical credibility that they carry this album.
 B00000281O-2 POSITIVO  I find this CD very interesting to listen to!! I could not believe that the person who produced and compiled this album was none other than Weird Al Yankovic!! That was a cool surprise!! The very first sonng on this CD is comical and excellent to dance to!!!! The other songs bring me back lots of memories when Lucy was doing her funny routines on the show!! I find this CD very enjoyable to Lucille Ball fans!!!!
 B00000281O-3 POSITIVO  If your a Lucy fan or not your going to LOVE this CD.It's the best CD I own and I encourage anyone who enjoys music or loves Lucy to buy it.
 B00000281O-4 POSITIVO  This is definately worth the money. The best recognition of the I Love Lucy show yet. Al Yankovic should be commended for his GREA T work. See he's not so &quot;weird&quot; after all.
 B00000281O-5 POSITIVO  I bought this cd a while ago and i never stop listening to it. Its one of my favorite cd's i take it to all my trips and always listen to it. The comedy on the Cd doesn't ever make you get tired of it. If you liked the show , you'll love this cd. Trust me.
 B00000281O-6 POSITIVO  We love it! Please make a volume 2. With songs like &quot;Lilly of the valley&quot; and &quot;santiago Chile,&quot; just to name a few. This is a cool CD that never goes out of style, because everyone loves Lucy!
 B00000281O-7 POSITIVO  I just got this album yesterday, and have already listened to it eight times. This is an absolute must for any lucy fan. Everyone will love this cd. I would love a part ll !! I liked Weird Al before, but now I have a lot more respect for his work, because of the quality of this cd which he produced. Thanks Weird Al, I am forever grateful!
 B00000281O-8 POSITIVO  I have just purchased this cd. If you like the music on I Love Lucy, you will just LOVE this cd!! My favorites are Cuban Pete and We're Having A Baby. If you like latin or cuban music, this is the cd to buy!
 B00000281O-9 POSITIVO  This is a must have for all diehard Lucy fans, or even just casual fans. This cd will bring back all the great memories from the show...and plus, Desi is just a great musical artist. I love, love, love this cd...
 B00000281O-10 POSITIVO  This cd is fantastic! I am a huge I Love Lucy fan, and I couldn't wait for this to come. I was surprised to read that Wierd Al produced this. He did a terrific job. It's really neat because he also threw in dialogue from the show which makes it even better. There are a few songs that I have never even heard of before. I listen to this cd all the time, and I would love it if they made a part II.
 B00000281O-11 POSITIVO  I'm listenng to this album for the first time as I write this review. It's a fun collection of songs from the TV show, as well as some Desi Arnaz solo tracks.The CD seems to be out of print - as of today (5/26/11) the disc is only available from Amazon third party sellers, and the lowest prices are $65.00 for a "new" copy and $21.49 for a "used" copy. So the price you pay might have an effect on your enjoyment of the album.My biggest disappointment is the skimpiness of the liner notes. I was hoping for more specific information as far as when the tracks were recorded or released, but of the 20 tracks on the CD only eight are identified in this manner - six are from 1951 (Desi's 1951 CBS Radio show, "Your Tropical Trip"), and two are the A- and B- sides of a 1953 Columbia Records single. The other selections are just identified as "taken from the original 'I Love Lucy' series on CBS." If this isn't a big deal for you, feel free to add another star if you're so inclined.
 B00000281O-12 POSITIVO  This CD was purchased because it is the only media where I could find the song: "we're having a baby." The song kept playing in my mind after learning that my wife and I were expeting our first baby, and I just had to have it. I purchased the CD to play it to my wife as a surprise and had our first family dance-my babies and me. My wife is a devoted "I Love Lucy" fan and she ended up loving the CD; who would have thought Weird Al Yankovic was behind this production.
 B00000281O-13 POSITIVO  This CD is soooooo good! My personal favorite is Cuban Pete. But thats just me! Adios
 B00000281O-14 POSITIVO  If you are an I Love Lucy fan than this CD is a must for you! I ordered this CD the other day and have listened to it 4 times already. There is something for every music lover here from the latin beat of Babulu to the melodious There's A Brand New Baby At Our House. I grew up watching reruns of I Love Lucy as well as listening to Desi's music and I never tire of it.
 B00000281O-15 POSITIVO  This is a really great cd for new &quot;Lucy&quot; lovers or old. I LOVE LUCY IS DA BOMB! Everyone should say so. It will make you happy when you are sad or Happier when you alredy are happy. With this CD you can take I LOVE LUCY everywhere and keep for your cherished collection as I have.
 B00000281O-16 POSITIVO  I have not listened to the cd but i would like to know is there any other place where you can get the best of Desi Arnaz
 B00000281O-17 POSITIVO  If you love I LOVE LUCY and the music of that show, this is an absolutely MUST HAVE CD. LOVE IT!!!
 B00000281O-18 POSITIVO  What can I say?! I love this cd and I listen to it all the time. I'm a huge I Love Lucy fan and after so many viewings I fell in love with Desi Arnaz! I was disappointed that his music wasn't as widely available. I bought this cd from a seller for $70. That's a new record for me! However, it was worth every penny. I kinda wish that there were more songs with the beloved Mertzes though!!! I love "Granada", I really was looking for that song and you have to love "Cuban Pete", "The Lady in Red","Down Argentine Way", "Straw Hat Song", "Babalu", and "El Cumbanchero". "Nobody loves the Ump" is a wonderful inclusion as is "We'll build a Bungalow". "By the Waters of the Minnetonka" is a beautiful song and to be honest... I was hoping that the version with Lucy WOULDN'T be included!LOL! I have a slight issue with "Guadalajara", this version is not the version from the episode, "The Girls want to go to a Nightclub". Overall most of these recordings are the original recordings from the "I Love Lucy" show and this is a must-have for Lucy as well as Desi fans! Desi Arnaz is an underrated talent but in my mind he has the proper place. As a latina, I recognize how significant a pioneer he was.
 B00000281O-19 POSITIVO  I just ordered this CD a week ago and we've listened to it about 20 times! I have two toddlers and they love to dance to it. It's a wonderful compliment to the show.
 B00000281O-20 POSITIVO  Whether you like I Love Lucy or not (If you don't you have serious psychological problems) this is a great cd!
 B00000281O-21 POSITIVO  this is a great cd you should by it. if you like Lucy you'll love this
 B00000281O-22 POSITIVO  I AM 11 Years old and I LOVE LUCY.YOU GOTTA BUY THIS CD IT'S LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT AND LUCY!!!!!!!!!!!!Did you know that they're making a movie about Lucy and Julia Roberts may be starring as LUCY?!!!!!!!!
 B00000281O-23 POSITIVO  Ricky Ricardo's performance of "Babalu" is one of the great moments in TV history. Cuba was so cool before Castro! And people always forget that Babalu comes straight out of Santeria! Imagine that, in the conservative 50's a stirring song to a syncretic, primal pagan deity was all the rage on national TV. History is soooo complex!
 B00000281O-24 NEGATIVO  I enjoy Desi Arnaz's music, and I adore I Love Lucy. But this CD is really not that interesting except as a novelty or as TV memorabilia. What proves interesting or funny in the show is a bit annoying when just heard on disc.
 B00000281O-25 POSITIVO  Most of these songs, (with the exception of the obvious Lucy songs) are songs that were first heard before the Lucy show. All are classics of Cuban swing and to try to lump them in with comedy, like the reviewer from DC, is a shame. They stand alone without the Lucy show, and just enhanced the I Love Lucy show.
 B000CONK5Q-0 POSITIVO  I first spotted this CD at Wal-mart beneath a CD sampler that listed many different (cheap) albums. Pressing the button, "What Child is This?" began to play. I've always enjoyed the song, but I found this rendition to be amazing (odd, since I'd never really liked Jazz music). Immediately I knew I had to buy the CD (even though it was February). I was not disappointed. This album is great when you're putting up decorations, having a Christmas party (I'll be hosting my first this year), or cleaning up around the house! I listen to it all year round and it never fails to put me in a good mood.
 B000CONK5Q-1 POSITIVO  This is my favorite Christmas CD, so relaxing.....I'm actually listening to it now. And its AUGUST!!!! I play it at work...very soothing. I need to find a similar cd so my customers dont think I'm nuts!
 B000CONK5Q-2 POSITIVO  Found this cd one year and absolutely loved it! Soothing saxophone and piano Christmas music, great for decorating and relaxing!!
 B00005M94Z-0 NEGATIVO  DHI's follow up only affirms their status atop the electro industrial bands from Canada. Again the band show's its diverse style by cover the entire genre in sound.
 B00005M94Z-1 POSITIVO  Another band tarnished by Van Richter, and seriously, in my opinion, one of the best industrial bands ever. The production quality on this CD is not great, I always have to up the volume on it when DJing, but that aside, this would probably go in my top 10 industrial recordings of all time. I prefer Bitter Alloys / Pressures Collide over the standard Pressures Collide because it contains the amazing remixes of the woefully OOP Bitter Alloys EP. Most remixes are usually garbage but these are actually top notch and in some ways surpass the originals. This is a must own for fans of the godfathers of industrial such as Skinny Puppy and Front Line Assembly. There are similarities to the aforementioned bands, as this will undoubtedly happen in electronic genres, but this band excels beyond even where those bands went. There are some amazing tracks on this disc, and really not a single track I can say I dislike, a true rarity. For an industrial CD chock full of floorkillers, look no further than this incredible and often times overlooked release. Just because it was released by Van Richter does not make it automatic bargain bin fodder, this is an industrial masterpiece.
 B00005M94Z-2 POSITIVO  I know what you all must be saying right about now,"Why the hell is he reviewing a record that's almost 2years old?!" Well, the reason is that this band hasjust signed two new deals to distribute this albumdomestically in the USA (through Van Richter Records)and in Europe (through Kk Records). The record itselfproves to be a very catchy, danceable industrialrecording relying more on synthesizers and samplesthan on guitar riffs. Some songs here are very radiofriendly such as the lead track, 'Pain and Courage'for which the band shot a video. As well, this outingincludes two ambient soundscapes, 'Undercurrent' and'Black Hour,' which I think only add to the length ofthis CD without introducing any significant content.My favorite track was 'The Aftershock' which was byfar the "heaviest" track on the record because itincorporated some noticeable guitar riffs. I alsoliked the slower, hypnotic, trance-inducing trackslike 'Any Power.' I always find songs like that to bea good escape from all the worries in my head. All inall, a more than half-decent effort which I just mightput in my CD player one or maybe two more times(gasp!) :)
 B00005M94Z-3 POSITIVO  This album put DHI on the pioneers list in the mainstream. It is incredable. If you don't enjoy it, then stay away from industrial in general.
 B00005M94Z-4 POSITIVO  This album put DHI on the pioneers list in the mainstream. It is incredable. If you don't enjoy it, then stay away from industrial in general.
 B000008H5R-0 POSITIVO  This music just simply needs to be more available.Joy of Cooking can be described as 70&quot;s cutting edge folk-rock, &quot;tell it how it is&quot; experience. The voices and lyrics of Terry Garthwaite and Toni Brown stand in a world of their own. Terry Garthwaite voice makes anyone unfamiliar with this music , stop and ask who it is. Every time I have played this band people want to borrow it. Music collectors of the world unite and give Joy of Cooking their proper place in music history. A must have for serious collectors.
 B000008H5R-1 POSITIVO  Toni Brown and Terry Garthwaite combine thoughtful with-it lyrics and joyful rock music from various roots-blues (with Terry's soulful voice and blues guitar), rock 'n roll (with Toni's funky keyboards)and country for sounds that pick you up!They are reissuing all their 70's sounds and keeping on with their careers! Get their CD's.
 B000008H5R-2 POSITIVO  Joy of Cooking was a little known but highly regarded staple of country rock in the late '60's-early '70's when the genre flourished. Think of the Eagles, Buffalo Springfield, the Byrds, Poco, on and on. Their female vocal harmonies were way ahead of their time. I hadn't realized their work had even made it to CD, let alone that they continued to make great American roots rock long after my early infatuation. Then a friend from college days told me their music was still available and I leaped at the chance to update my music collection with a trip down memory lane. This "album" more than met my expectation in that the music works today as well as it did then.
 B000008H5R-3 POSITIVO  This Joy of Cooking CD: &quot;American Originals&quot; is a truly great release!!! 18 great tracks from this most awesome 70's band!!! This CD cooks and is a real joy to listen to!!! A true relic of the past!!! Five Stars!!! A+
 B000008H5R-4 POSITIVO  The reviews are great but none of their CD's have sample tracks. Why?
 B0007MR29I-0 POSITIVO  Great music under the baton of Jean Martinon.From the irresistible Zampa by Herold via La Dame Blanche and Le Calife de Bagdad by Boieldieu to Adam and, grand finale, 5 overtures by Offenbach, it can't get any better than this. Sparkling french music performed with the best french flair by a master of the game, well seconded by the London Philharmonic Orchestra. The price will make the last doubtfuls make up their mind.
 B0000020FZ-0 NEGATIVO  When Elis Regina became the master of vocal Brazilian music, she had recorded 4 albums with no expression just because she could not exactly choose her repertoire. She has always denied those albums as quality albums although her voice had ever gained recognition.Famous Elis Regina was born when she signed to Philips Records and recorded her fist single in the label "Arrastao" and her first album "Samba Eu canto Assim" available here @Amazon.This "Presenca" album was recorded at Columbia Records/Brasil and is one of those 4 ones to be neglected.
 B000008H50-0 POSITIVO  Words can not do justice to Booker T's stylish approach to refining soothing sounds he produces on the Hammond B-3 organ. My favorite tune on this masterpiece is Sidewalk Baby. I enjoy listening to the CD often. The tunes are very relaxing. Booker T. brought in superstars Larry Carlton and Paul Jackson Jr as wells Chris Hayes of Huey Lewis and the News and Steve Lukater of Toto to provide guitar strings on the CD; needless to say that rocked. This Master Series titled "The Runaway" tells a story without words. Imagine a Runaway young woman left to her own devices to survive in the city while living a street life. She apparently comes to her senses and returns home. I would recommend this CD to anyone who likes jazz or easy listening music.
 B000008H50-1 POSITIVO  Great concept album which has been unavailable on CD before now. A MUST for any lover of Booker T and the fluid sound of the Hammond B-3.
 B000008H50-2 POSITIVO  I was given this album by someone who no longer wanted it, and what a find!! It is great music, which I have added to my collection. A great find for your jazz collection or just plain good listening. I have looked high and low for another one just like it and am having a hard time finding it. I hope if you ever find this album you enjoy it as much as I do. Booker R. Jones is so awsum in this one!
 B000000B0R-0 POSITIVO  This Chandos disc, recorded in 1996, pairs Gorecki's work for unaccompanied choir "Miserere" with Sofia Gubaidulina's massive "Alleluia" for choir, boy soprano, and orchestra. I'm not too big a fan of Gorecki, so I'll limit my comments here to Gubaidulina's work, which is performed by the Copenhagen Boys' Choir and Danish National Radio Symphony and Choir conducted by Dmitri Kitajenko.Gubaidulina wrote "Alleluia" in 1990. The piece continues the theme of initial religious doubt and final victory of faith introduced in "Pro et contra" for large orchestra (1989). In fact, Gubaidulina intended the two to be played together, and wrote the oratio "Lauda" to form a trilogy called "Prayer for the Age of Aquarius". Since "Alleluia" shares so much of its soundworld and pacing with "Pro et contra", if you didn't like the first piece, you probably won't like this one. Though I should implore anyone in doubt about "Pro et contra" to listen to it on a good stereo system first, since its basses, so much a part of the work, don't come out well on lesser equipment.So here the Russian "Hallelujah" hymn, which remained hidden throughout most of "Pro et contra" is here expressed openly by the (adult) choir. But all is not quite yet well, for the singers lack conviction in this statement. The form of the work is the struggle with making a sincere confession of God's glory, and the percussion seems to represent the turmoil of the soul in doubt. After several movements consisting of only the word "Alleluia", the piece climaxes in the sixth movement with a fear-inducing statement of the word "Vjeruju" ("I believe"), and both choir and orchestra collapse in exhaustion. At that point the boy soprano choir humbly intones the hymn "Da ispolnatsja usta maja" ("Let my mouth be filled with thy praise").Keeping with the tradition established in her work since the early 1980s, the piece heavily uses the Fibonacci sequence in its rhythm. But the Fibonacci sequence and attendant numerical mysticism plays an important role in one part of the work regrettably missing from a compact disc recording: the use of coloured lights. Inspired by Alexander Scriabin's "Promethei", this work uses a colour organ to display various lights whose mixing represents certain theological truths for Gubaidulina. The same effect is a major part of her fourth string quartet.I'm inclined to mope that no live performance seems on its way so that I can see "Alleluia" as it is meant to be, but still this disc is worth hearing for Gubaidulina fans, and the sound quality is by no means as bad as reviews lead me to fear. If you are as yet unfamiliar with this greatest of contemporary religious composers, I think her symphony "Stimmen... Verstummen..." or her violin concerto "Offertorium" (on a fine recent DG reissue) make better introductions, but still, don't wait long to get "Pro et contra" and "Alleluia".
 B000000B0R-1 POSITIVO  I have to say that this recording is sort of shoddy, but the beauty of the pieces themselves mostly help one ignore the defects in sound. I'm not sure what they did when they were recording it, but the sound is crammed together, with the voices sometimes getting lost in the mix with the orchestra in the Gubaydulina piece. But, this is the only option, so get it! Just don't turn it up too loud or the sound will become horribly distorted...
 B000000B0R-2 POSITIVO  Gubaidulina's 'Alleluia' is not the straightforward declaration of faith that one might expect from the title - instead it is a dark, mostly quiet, usually tension-filled meditation on the sound as well as the meaning of the single word of its title. The work's spiritual stance is made clear by the only two passages in the work that set words other than 'Alleluia'. The first of these is at the climax - the only really sustained section of loud music in the work - where 'vjeruju' ('I believe') is set to a terrifying choral-orchestral storm that eventually collapses in on itself without resolution. Relief comes only when, against a background of crotales and other tintinnabulating intsruments, children's voices intone an ancient Russian prayer extolling the virtues of the simple faith that comes without struggle. The composer's characteristic burning musical iconography is always in evidence throughout. I have some slight objections to this recording. Although the performers struggle heroically with this very difficult work, the boomy and often congested sound tends to blur together the multiplicity of choral and instrumental 'Stimmen' that are so important in Gubaidulina's large scale works. My other objection is purely a matter of taste :) - I heard a live performance of this piece at the Adelaide festival some years ago, and the conductor on that occasion (the excellent David Porceljin) chose to use a single amplified child's voice instead of a childrens' choir. The effect of this was extraordinarily poignant, and I am a little disappointed that this recording did not do likewise. Apart from these minor quibbles, an important recording of a marvellous piece.
 B000000B0R-3 NEGATIVO  As a big fan of Gubaidulina, I needed to hear this work but the performance is so poor that I doubt if any idea of what this work is like can be gained. The same is true for the Gorecki.
 B000005Z6G-0 POSITIVO  Segerstam had to grown on me as a conductor of Sibelius' works. I originally found his tempos too slow and his approach not crisp enough, but years later I returned to his vision as the most sympathetic, to my mind, to Sibelius' world view. Segerstam invests an expansive, epic quality to every work (even Valse Triste!), which is not out of place, but seems to capture something vital about the Finnish/Scandinavian character, and more specifically, the world of the sagas and myth in general. His versions of the symphones, particularly Nos. 3, 5 & 7 (with the Danish NRSO) are powerful and seem more like pronoucements than interpretations. They were not the first versions I heard by a long shot, but they are quickly becoming my favorites. Whenever I hear Symphony No.7 in concert or on the radio, I expect Segerstam, and am bitterly disappointed when the performers "fail" me.This collection of popular tone poems was taken from his set of symphonies with the Danish NRSO, and they work beautifully together here. His version of Tapiola is harrowing: the slower tempo he adopts creates a vision of desolation and winter waste, terribly blown aside by the famous storm scene which is nothing short of spellbinding. When the final chords wash over you at the end, you feel an overwhelming sense of calm after the storm. Segerstam also offers me the greatest version I have ever heard of Valse Triste, making it sound like a true tone poem and not a lollipop for a pops concert. The same goes for its companion piece, Scene with Cranes (both were from his incidental music from Kuomela), which is cut from the same cloth as The Swan of Tuonela.His En Saga took me some time to warm to, but few capture the mtyhical wonder of the opening bars, which sounds like an invocation--calm, but full of prophecy of things to come. It's an expansive take on the work, but it moves relentleessly forward and really makes sense as a whole--and the orchestra is unbelievably responsive to the slightest moments in the piece. The same goes for Pohjola's Daughter, which is full of poetry--though he really slows down what I call the "arrival" scene where the strings "scream" and the basses snarl like some terrible giant who's discovered someone making off with his gold--or his daughter. That said, it's remarkably effective.And you really can't get Finlandia wrong unless you really, really try...the piece just sings all by itself. In short, a great disc and an effective introduction to Segerstam's way with Sibelius. One of the highlights of my over 30 disc Sibelius collection (supplanting my former Sibelian champion, Neeme Jarvi, who takes the opposite track and makes everything a bit faster than normal).
 B000001FF7-0 POSITIVO  Maybe the collection isn't their absolute best, but it contains several songs I really like which aren't on any of my other albums. If you are a long-time Statler Brothers fan like me, you'll find most of it typically enjoyable.
 B000001FF7-1 NEUTRO  I rated this CD only 3 stars because it's just not that great. It's still a good listen, I suppose, but it has never really grabbed me. The only two songs I like much on it are &quot;The Movies&quot; and &quot;All I Can Do&quot;. it still deserves three stars because it IS the Statlers, and they always do a good job of singing. I almost deducted another star from the rating because they sing &quot;Blue Eyes Crying In The Rain&quot;, a song they should have just left to Willy Nelson, who does a much more masterful job. This CD is for Statler die-hards. I have learned the hard way.
 B000001FF7-2 POSITIVO  Not a bad song on this album. "All I can Do" and "Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain" particulary good.
 B0000CC88N-0 POSITIVO  The Lungfish sound: repetitive, hypnotic, layered, at times monotonous (but never boring). Many people struggle with the looping nature of Lungfish's guitar riffs. Others, however, find it remarkable that the Lungfish sound remains both simplistic yet rich and complex all at the same time.Love is Love, the band's tenth album, remains true to the path they've been following for the past fifteen years, yet on this latest album, they've acually managed to perfect their own sound (if that's possible). This album marks the return of former bassist Sean Meadows (June of 44) which is good considering the chemistry he seems to have with the other band members.Love is Love, as an album, is more straight-forward and less experimental than previous releases (harking back to their &quot;Talking Songs for Walking&quot; days). From the driving rhythms of the title track, the haunting starkness of 'This World', to the crazy poetry that only Dan Higgs can deliver (&quot;I will sing a song before I was born!&quot;), Love is Love is probably the most straight-up rock record this highly unconventional rock band has made in their long career. It comes highly recommended.
 B0000CC88N-1 POSITIVO  For some people, the title may seem like an oxymoron. How can a band whose songs always consist of one riff, one beat, one rhythm repeated over and over again experience growth? But that's missing the point.Just as the Ramones boiled the rock song down to it's best, most appealing aspects, and threw out any fat, self-indulgence or unnecessary musical pyrotechnics; so does Lungfish dismantle rock further, taking only the most essential musical elements to deliver their message. On this release and on all their previous releases, they continue to refine this approach, chipping away any remaining excess until they are left with the pure, unadultered essence of their songs. This, for me at least, is what makes them so poignant and powerful.Asa is probably the best guitarist of this generation, his riffs are beautiful, seductive, some say hypnotic, using at most 8 bars to deliver his message, he sees no need to expand upon it. They are like aphorisms repeated over and over as one repeats a mantra. The rhythm section operates like clockwork, unoppressive, but unceasing while Dan Higgs delivers his prophetic, revelrous, and revelatory verses of love, doom, and epiphany.Lungfish continue to walk their own path, as it becomes clearer and more focused, those that share their vision get to follow them along and enjoy the sights and sounds. Those that don't, well, sufficed to say, it's pointless to argue about it. You tend to either love Lungfish or not care for them, and it's nigh impossible to convince one of the other.
 B0000CC88N-2 POSITIVO  I keep hearing people say that all of Lungfish's records sound the same. I have to disagree, but I can understand why people might come to this conclusion. With Lungfish you have to listen closely. Experiencing a Lunfish record for the first time can be disorienting, and I think that's the point to some degree. All of their albums may have similiar traits, but they all offer something new as well. With Love Is Love, they've made even more changes than in the past. There seems to be more of a pop influence running through the songs, which is done very well, and works better than I would have imagined. This album also has more moments that remind me of Fugazi in some ways. Just little things here and there, like a guitar tone, or drum beat. I have to admit that it always takes a few listens for me to fully appreciate Lunfish songs, and these new songs took about a week worth of listening to sink in, but once they did I was hooked. Now this is probably my favorite Lungfish record. Yes, the songs are repetitive, and Dan's singing is still very close to how he's always sang in Lungfish, but it's the same band, and they have a sound. Luckily, for all of us, they're still perfecting the Lungfish sound. I recommend giving this record a chance, try it on for a while, see how it feels once it's worn in a bit. I think you'll be glad you did.
 B000000CXW-0 POSITIVO  Wanda Jackson never received the awards she deserves, maybe someone will wake up and give her at least the Country Music Hall of Fame or Rockabilly Hall of Fame. this CD as a little of both and they are the best!
 B000000CXW-1 POSITIVO  I have a couple of Wanda Jackson's Long Playing Records. See used to sing on Capital Record in the Sixties/Seventies. Her performance in &quot;Pedging my Love&quot; and in some more songs ....are great.
 B000000CXW-2 POSITIVO  i've always like wanda jackson, but i never bought her cd's i just had her on records.and just hearing her voice when she was in heart ache, well it send chills. i wish more people could discover what i great talent this artist has. i have a favorite song which i found on this cd that actually purchased. right or wrong and man i just love this whole cd.i just love her voice.
 B000P5F7XU-0 POSITIVO  This is one of the best Black/Death metal bands that I've ever heard. Some of the heaviest riffs out there. Nothing but pure chaos. It's devilish!
 B00000I3WI-0 POSITIVO  This is a beautiful psychadelic album. Lush layering and abstract super-creative melodies. HorseDrawn Wishes was a soundtrack to my life for a while-this album has the same sense of passion and validity. Great orchestrations. Inspiring lyrics. Bravo!!
 B00000I3WI-1 POSITIVO  really excellent album, BEWARE: if you liked rollerskate skinny, prepare yourself for something a little different (but just as tasty). NICE ONE KEN!
 B00000I3WI-2 POSITIVO  Lamenting the loss of the great London-Irish band Rollerskate Skinny (whose two albums, Shoulder Voices and Horsedrawn Wishes, if combined and edited into one cd with the best 12 songs would be one of my desert island discs), here's my remedy. Dubliner Ken Griffin, now solo from RS, emigrates to NYC and has his own album to do. While his former bandmate Jimi Shields (brother of Kevin of My Bloody Valentine) develops the thicker RS sound with his dazzling neo-psych band Lotus Crown, Griffin sticks to a sparser style. Griffin's voice, shorn of his RS bandmates' more eccentric backing, heightens the U2/Echo comparisons. Not that KG's exactly straightforward. His talent lies in twists and turns. Incorporating touches of hip-hop, rap, and electronica into the r-and-r mix, the sound can be a bit too spare in places. As if he imitates Bono's vox and released his backing-track home demos. Yet, by the time the album spins round to Layabout Superstars, he captures the lush poetry of RS while striving to move forward into a more contemporary vibe. I wish the production could've benefitted from a bigger budget and a denser texture, but nonetheless, in its own wistful vocals and meditative lyrics, it shows that KG's ready to keep channelling his own musical muse.
 B00000I3WI-3 POSITIVO  I heard about these people when a friend of mine brought the CD back from the US.Even though I never heard their brand of music before it did nt matter, I have become an instant fan. Kid Silver have the raw materials to go all the way whether they like it or not. They have an excellent sound, they have good material and a huge partisan following. Unlike a lot of modern music, this is as real as it get's. Just buy the record.
 B00000I3WI-4 POSITIVO  I heard about these people when a friend of mine brought the CD back from the US.Even though I never heard their brand of music before it did nt matter, I have become an instant fan. Kid Silver have the raw materials to go all the way whether they like it or not. They have an excellent sound, they have good material and a huge partisan following. Unlike a lot of modern music, this is as real as it get's. Just buy the record.
 B00000I3WI-5 POSITIVO  Kid Silver is Ken Griffin from Rollerskate Skinny. It is hard to describe the exotic strains of this album. Symphonic, Middle Eastern, hey, it reminds me of Echo and the Bunnymen at times. Ken also mines the Bono vocal vein on a few songs, although his compositions sound nothing like U2. Ken even sounds like Donovan on occasion. It's clear that he's a bit of a chameleon, both with his vocals and ther mercurial nature of his music. Danceable beats underscore a great percentage of this album, but I wouldn't call this electronica. Dead City Sunbeams throws out rays from many different types of music and provides the listener with a unique auditory experience. Highly recommended.
 B00000I3WI-6 POSITIVO  this is music for those yearning for something new. defies description and category....melodic, moving, symphonic....like the title, both hopeful and holding despair....
 B00000I3WI-7 NEUTRO  This has some definite highs and some definite lows. There are some great tracks on this disc, including 'Racing Daylight', which has this fabulous retro 80s sound, reminiscent perhaps of Echo &amp; The Bunnymen, or Modern English. But other songs seem to just wander out into the weeds and get lost...with too many lines that just go 'la la la, la la la' for my taste (I'll admit, a pet peeve of mine - c'mon folks, at least write some lyrics if you're going to sing, and save the la la la for Christmas carols). I agree with other reviewers that the vocals sound a bit bono-esque. Not that this is necessarily a good nor a bad thing.
 B0000520WI-0 POSITIVO  Ok, If you have the *69 cd with this song on there you already know that this song is seriously good. I figured I would list the tracks for you.1. radio mix (shorter version of the peter & victor mix)2. victor & peter ny club anthem3. Johnny vicious club anthem4. Ralphi's epic mix5. Mark picchiotti's propa house mix6. robbie riveras sunshine mix7. that kid chris hot beats8. victor & peter's accapellaNot bad huh? And really, I havent had time to see how long the tracks are but if I had to guess, the radio edit is about 4min, peter & victors club mix is about 10min, johnny vicious about 10min, tracks 5-7 are about 6min each, and the accapella is about 4min.If you like the song to begin with, you will totally jam on this!
 B0000565NI-0 POSITIVO  As there is no song listing for the fantastic album I'll review the songs here and just say IT'S WORTH IT!1.Like a fool - The starter is a fantastic ballad! The most beautiful song from this duo...GREAT! 11/102.Don't disappoint me - This is sorta boring at first but gets better by time 8/103.Princess - I wonder what's with this track. It's pretty boring when you compare it to other songs on the album but it still somehow manages to make you sing along. 7/104.Eternal love - This is a beautiful one. Very pretty! 9/105.If I had your number - Aaah my fav faster track... It's very simple but VERY catchy...Fantastic 11/106.Nylon moon - This is a weird song. The lyrics are insane... But it's still great! 8/107.Fighter - The lyrics suck...but the melody is very good! 8/108.Yo-yo - A catchy song with strange lyrics (again) nothing special but simply good. 8/109.Africa at night - This is very original...sounds impressive and great! Very good! 9/1010.If - Ah another beautiful song. If you listen to the lyrics you can understand the mental value of this song! It's great 10/1011.Why me, why you - Another beautiful song. The melody is very catchy and it has certain aspect that keeps on making me get back to it. 9/1012.Tell it to your mother - This perky song has the stupidest lyrics like &quot;EVER&quot;...But it's still pretty good. It makes you hum along the melody and cheer you up everytime. 9/1013.All right - A pretty avarage track. Nothing wrong with it nor nothing special about it. Easy to listen to. 7/1014.L.O.V.E. blue - A VERY BEAUTIFUL SONG! I dunno what's about it, but it almost makes me weep. Very efficient and good for romantic scenes. 10/1015.Eternal love 136 BMP - The slow version of this song was very good but I think the &quot;dance&quot; version is even better...Very catchy but still keeps that beautiful tone! 10/1016.Diving deep - A perfect ending track! Sounds special and is perfect when going to sleep. Has that trancy tune. 9/10Overall - A fantastic album that may have a small flaw because the tracks are a bit alike...But as I like the usual mood I loved it. A great album that shows a lot effort! Go and order it if you like girl group music. 10/10
 B0000565NI-1 POSITIVO  WELL THATS GREAT. JONNA AND ERIN HAVE COOL VOICES AND INSTRUMENTAL IS THIS THE SAME. IN MY OPINION ARE THE FINNISH ORIGINAL-CDS VERY BETTER THAN THE ENGLISH VERSIONS:1996 NYLON BEAT1997 SATANEN LAINA1998 VALEHTELIJA2000 DEMO2001 EXTREME2003 12 APINAA2003 COMEBACK - 40 HITTI&Auml; DOUBLE-CD BEST OF ALBUM2004 HYV&Auml;&Auml; UUTTAVUOTTA LIVE + BONUS DVD LIVE ALBUM WITH ALL THE VIDEOS ON DVD2002 LAST IN LINE THE SECOND ALBUM IN ENGLISH BUT ONLY PUBLISHED IN FINNLANDAND 2005 FUNPACK TAVASTIA LIVE + NYLON BEAT HISTORIAA THE LIVE-DVDALL THIS ONES ARE ON AMAZON.DE YOU CAN LOOK FOR BUYOPTIONSICH HABE ALLE ERSCHIENENEN TONTR&Auml;GER BEI AMAZON.DE IN DEN PRODUKTKATALOGEINGEPFLEGT. VIELLEICHT BIETET IRGENDEIN GROSSANBIETER WIE CAIMAN JA DEMN&Auml;CHST MAL WAS AN, WENN DIE ASIN- ODER EAN-NUMMER BEI AMAZON ALS GELISTET AUFTAUCHT.ANDREAS FROM GERMANY
 B0000565NI-2 POSITIVO  I was recently in Finland on vacation and had the pleasure of seeing Nylon Beat live. I instantly fell in love with their music, and bought all of their cd's( currently 5 of them, 4 in Finnish and one in English(the one sold here)). They are also supposed to have another English album out soon( Fall 2001 ). I highly recommend any Nylon Beat cd. Unfortunately all I have been able to find so far here in the US is this cd for sale on Amazon.com.
 B00005UVTR-0 POSITIVO  Big Joe was at his peak in the 40's and these recordings are fine examples of his style. The first tracks were recorded in the late 40's with Pete Johnson's band and they absolutely rock. Pounding boogie piano and riffing saxaphones set up a great background for Joes blues shouting. The other songs feature the great Art Tatum on piano and were recorded in the early 40's. All of it's pure Big Joe and a wonderful value for your money.
 B000008MK7-0 POSITIVO  If you don't have this album buy it immediately! It has got to be the most eclectic album of it's day. It was defintely ahead of it's time. It has some jazz, blues, country, rock, and celtic influences, not to mention Jesse's exquisite voice. Music of the 60's at it's best but not outdated. Thoroughly enjoyable with today's standards. Get one for your best friend..no one should miss out on this outstanding music!
 B000008MK7-1 POSITIVO  Probably one of the best rock albums of the 60s. Provides great listening music for any activity. While many remember the Youngbloods for &quot;Get Together&quot;, Elephant mountain goes far beyond the comercial hit which receives so much air time. Those of us that remember the real sixties can relate to listening to songs like &quot;quick sand&quot; and &quot;ride the wind&quot; and the memories produced by this album. I can remember passing this record back and forth amoung friends, all who treasured it. If you like Jessie Collin Young and the Young Bloods, you will find this to be their best work.
 B000008MK7-2 POSITIVO  I have never understood the neglect that greeted this late Sixties masterpiece, one of my very favorites since it first came out. Maybe they had trouble duplicating the sound in concert (with the loss of Jerry Corbitt they were down to a trio, and some of the tracks here include a very rocking full orchestra.) Maybe the sound that the band and producer Charles E. Daniels (yes, ole Charlie Daniels!) laid down was just too complex for the average listener. There's rock, jazz, blues, bossa nova, C&amp;W...sometimes all in the same long cut! Just give it a try. Years ago, I played it while a musician friend was present and he stood there with his jaw dropped until he exclaimed, &quot;Who IS that!?&quot; It's the Youngbloods. Check it out.
 B000008MK7-3 POSITIVO  You need to have this album. It's on my top ten best all-time list and still sounds amazing. You really do need to have this album.
 B000008MK7-4 POSITIVO  An astounding record, way too hard to find since its original release. &quot;On Sir Francis Drake&quot; is a very long instrumental that goes from a kind of rock and roll-classic fusion to jazz to midnight blues. And at it's beginning there's a priceless joke rap from the producer, Mr. Charles E. Daniels. (Yes, Charlie Daniels!) &quot;Darkness, Darkness&quot; is probably the blackest song ever written, a scream of despair, but the rest of the songs will cheer you back up, no doubt about it. &quot;Quicksand&quot; is done with a full orchestra that rocks, for a change. Don't miss this one, it was just too complex and eclectic for the tastes of the time, I think,
 B000008MK7-5 POSITIVO  sang Donovan. It never happened. Musically, it happened, but as far as popularity goes, some categorize the Youngbloods, mistakenly, as one-hit wonders, a result of "Get Together" becoming a hippie anthem.Make no mistake, the time in rock music history when "Elephant Mountain" was created was incredible. The Beatle's "Sgt. Pepper" pushed experimentation to the outer limits, inspiring Frank Zappa's masterpiece, "We're Only In It For the Money"; "Good Vibrations" by the Beachboy's Brian Wilson; "Satanic Majesties Request" by the Rolling Stones, and last, but not least, and perhaps the best, "Elephant Mountain" by the Youngbloods.None of the Youngblood's other recordings approach it's level. Why? Banana went wild with a big recording budget -- that's why. Bless his soul for it. Banana, besides exploring sound like an astronaut in the studio, hired the best musicians in town, in the big city, in Los Angeles, where quite a few professional musicians hang their hat. Who did he get? Joe Clayton for the trumpet on "Smug"; tenor sax legend Plas Johnson for the end of "Beautiful"; David Lindley on fiddle (he's currently touring with Jackson Browne) on "Darkness, Darkness" ; and Victor Feldman on vibes for "Ride the Wind" and Banana conducted an 18-man studio ensemble.The experimentation with sound? Remember, this was the time of Jimi Hendrix "Electric Ladyland" -- and Hendrix raised the stakes with feedback. Banana had a few tricks up his sleeve. Banana took ouput from and EQ unit and put it into another, and then took that output and put it into another, and in Banana's own words: "...made things real weird and distorted..." Don't think the engineers didn't object either. The producer, Charlie Daniels, kept the suits off Banana's back. The band, too, remember them, sprinkled brief streaks of melodic experimentation throughout the album. Banana wrote the music for this gem by hand with an old Wurliztzer elecric piano. When the album was done Banana climbed a mountain -- a real one.What's the result? A dreamy, electric neon-lit jazzy, country, rock, and ragtime doze off to miracle, something unique, something different, and something to cherish.I got to see this band, live, at their peak, at U.C. Davis. I even got to sit on the back of the stage. It was incredible. They played "Elephant Mountain" and a few other of their other usual suspects. Some of this other stuff isn't bad either. There's "Get Together", which everybody knows, but there's also "The Wine Song" and "Grizzly Bear" for example.
 B000008MK7-6 POSITIVO  When a friend told me to buy this album back in college, I thought he was nuts. Yeah, they did "Get Together", good song, but let's get serious here. He played "Darkness, Darkness" on his eight track in the car, and I was totally blown away. The incredible thing is that the album kept getting BETTER with each cut!!!!! By the time "Ride the Wind" ended I realized I had heard one of the best albums in my relatively young life. Fast forward over 30 years, a marriage, two kids, a divorce later..... I kept telling my sons, both amatuer musicians, about this album "Elephant Mountain", but I couldn't remember the name of group!!! It was driving me nuts!!! Ah, senility is creeping in. And then one day I heard "Get Together" on a TV commercial and it all fell into place again "The Youngbloods!". I am listening to the album right now, and it's as great as I remember it. I'm still getting goosebumps. This is a must for any music lover, period. I agree with the reviewer who said that this album was ahead of its time.... Simply brilliant musical arrangements, excellent lyrics, hypnotic vocals.... Incredibly, I cannot find a single music site where I can download the album in it's entirety, but I caught some cuts in Itunes and it's in my Ipod now.... extasy!!
 B000008MK7-7 POSITIVO  I always liked the Youngbloods. They're "Get Together"; "The Wine Song"; and "It's a Lovely Day" are great tunes, found on other albums. But I was lucky enough to catch them live at U.C. Davis, and actually sit on-stage behind the drummer. I was so close I could see the tracks on their arms. But they played a mostly "Elephant Mountain" set. Donovan once predicted, "Electrical banana, bound to be the very next craze...", but it never happened. It should have. This album was one of the best. I like to listen to it before I fall asleep. I liked it back in the day, and I like it today, decades later. It's eclectic music: jazz, rock, and whimsical musings thrown together in a tight, light weave. Buy it!
 B000008MK7-8 POSITIVO  The Youngbloods were a tremendously underappreciated band. "Elephant Mountain" shows exactly how fresh, witty, clever and versatile they were as a band.Jesse Colin Young (vocals, bass guitar) provided one of the purest voices in Rock. Lowell ("Banana") Levinger was the instrumental glue that held the band together, excelling on keyboards, guitar, and vibes, among other things. Joe Bauer was so solid and professional that he could have been the house drummer for a jazz label."Elephant Mountain" has an invigorating mix of some of Jesse Colin Young's finest ballads ("Darkness, Darkness", "Sunlight", "Beautiful")and some instrumental jamming that allows Levinger to stretch out on keyboards. "On Sir Francis Drake" and "Trillium" are so catchy and smart that more than a few radio programmers must have copped them for program themes. ("Trillium" is named for the three-petaled, white wildflower that graces the back cover of the album).Some of the tunes are goofs, merely there to provide transitions, like "Turn it Over". "Rain Song", and "Smug" show the Youngbloods jugband roots. Only "Sham" and "Ride the Wind" are done in overtly "West Coast" styles. "Sham" sounds a lot like Country Joe and the Fish, and "Ride the Wind" features the kind of laid-back jamming that "Joy of Cooking" became known for.Nearly 40 years after its release, "Elephant Mountain" remains a gem of an album, the sparkle of which hasn't dulled in the slightest. It should be in the dictionary, next to the definition of "refreshing".
 B000008MK7-9 POSITIVO  You have to admire Jessie Colin Young. He wrote folk rock music that fit naturally on both AM and FM radio, without pandering to either. He was not just strumming his guitar, but gave his well written songs, that never rested on stock ideas, the careful arrangements they deserve.Elephant Mountian shows this. All the songs have great melodies, and origonal chord progressions, showing that Young either had musical training or great insticts. Just listen to "Darkness Darkness," or "Beautiful" to hear how he takes folk and comes up with a spin that his uniquely his. You are never going to mistake his work for a Richie Havens song. His craft is top notch.Young also had jazz notions: these are less sucessfull. The second track here is a Fendor Rhodes romp: nice enough to listen to, but it is primative by early Chicago or even Tim Buckley standards. There was a flawed notion in the late 60s that if you plunked around on an electric panio or with a upright bass for a few minutes, you were playing jazz. A lot of bad filler got onto otherwise good albums during this late 60s experimental euphoria. Still, you have to admire the impulse.Ironically enough, Young used a lot of jazz on his solo albums, and this works quite well.But Elephant Mountian is a increadibly enjoyable album with lots of high calabre work. It might not be an out and out masterpiece, but it is definately a 60s corner that should never be lost or overlooked.
 B000008MK7-10 POSITIVO  I have been a Youngbloods and Jesse Collin Young fan since the beginning and this album ranks right at the top. I miss those guys.
 B000008MK7-11 POSITIVO  I discovered this album several years after it was first released, and it's been one of my favorites ever since. Just a great album, full of music that I can only describe as beautiful. I could live without the couple of the instrumentals that are just noodling, but the rest of the album? Sheer greatness. Aside from the obvious favorites, Darkness Darkness, Ride the Wind, Beautiful and Sunlight, I have to say that Quicksand is, to me, one of this band's greatest tracks. It reminds me of Jr. Walker's "What Does it Take to Win Your Love".The Youngbloods' first two albums are also terrific, filled with terrific songs, playing and singing. Unfortunately, after Elephant Mountain, the band's recorded output declined; they seem to have lost focus. Jessie Colin Young's first two or three solo albums are terrific and come close to the standard set by the best of the Youngbloods' output.
 B000008MK7-12 POSITIVO  Elephant Mountain is a delicious mix of folk, jazz and blues. Of special note are &quot;Darkness, Darkness&quot; and &quot;On Sir Francis Drake.&quot; All in all it is a mellow, folksy album, but at times the band works up a good, lathery rock-jazz froth. When I first heard the album I was rather surprised at the Youngbloods jam-ability. I had not expected such a willingness to improvise from the makers of a pop hit like &quot;Get Together.&quot; This is a solid recording all the way through. I would liken the feel of this album to bands like early Marshall Tucker, Glass Harp, and maybe even Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young.
 B000008MK7-13 POSITIVO  Has there ever been a more mezmerizing song than &quot;Ride The Wind&quot;? Ever?
 B000008MK7-14 POSITIVO  Definate classic for all time .Makes you wonder why musicians cant see their own talent and lose themselves in such drastic directions.....you are supposed to mellow with age.I can just imagine if they would play all this live now how it would change their souls.....GET TOGETHER.
 B000008MK7-15 NEUTRO  I was dissappointed with this CD, easy listening but also boring at times and nothing innovative here at all. Time has not been kind to this album.
 B000008MK7-16 POSITIVO  A great album remembering a much simpler time - loved to hear these songs again
 B00003W8BF-0 POSITIVO  The selections which feature the Reverend Claude Jeter (Al Green's daddy) are "Great Camp Meeting," "Stand Up & Testify," "Trouble in the Land" (a capella) and "Tell God" (in church), which reflect a stylistic continuum roughly from the late '40s to the mid-'60s. None of these seem to be on any of the other CDs amazon's currently listing (6/03), and they're well worth the price of admission. "Mother bring your daughter/Father bring your son..."
 6305811687-0 POSITIVO  Oddly, I wrote H. a letter requesting some advice when things got rough for me as a child, and he never responded. Only then did it occur to me that the magnitude of his head may have made seeing something like the surface of a writing table difficult, at best. Still, I would have settled for his attempts to do a little. This great DVD captures the part-hick, part (?) that is H. R. As a component of a time capsule, this DVD would leave the viewer with the idea that the 70s was a decade of foam rubber: If for no other reason, the accuracy of this description is worth the price of admission. &quot;OK--we are beginning shooting on a Krofft script on Tuesday--that's right--send another 4 tons of foam rubber--PRONTO.&quot; To see H. R. in the higher resolution that DVD allows invites us to see the foam--to explore its pores--to feel its hybrid of willingess/reluctance to bounce back from whatever obstacles are thrown at it, even if said obstacles are British. Such glimpses are what Modern Technology is--or should be--all about.
 6305811687-1 POSITIVO  "H.R. Pufnstuf! Who's your friend when things get rough? H.R. Pufnstuf! Doesn't do a little 'cause he can't do enough!" I've been missing my friend for close to 25 years now and it's great to have him back. Oddly enough, the show is both better and worse than I remember it - but mostly better.First of all, the opening theme is priceless! In my book, it's one of the top five Saturday Morning TV theme songs. The soulful reprise by The Boyds at show's end is also great. (Move over Aretha!)When I was just a tyke my favorite aspect of the show was, of course, the life-sized puppets - especially H.R. himself. I still like him, but the good ol' boy accent and (*gasp*) go-go boots are just a wee disconcerting - but I'll forgive him. However, I could never stand that dumb magic flute, Freddy, and he's even more bothersome now. (And honestly, what's so magical about him!?) The side characters are mostly charming, like Cling and Clang, but also really weird, like that pink piece of candy that talks with a New York accent. And what's the deal with that glitter-encrusted Cabaret frog? What a freak.Looking at the show today, I'd have to say what really held it together were, not so much the life-sized puppets, but the two human characters: Jimmy and Witchiepoo. I can't say enough about Jack Wild, who plays Jimmy. He radiates talent all over the place, and that Cockney accent can out-charm even the most enchanting of puppets. He's also got these crazy twist-about, stutter-step dance moves that are so cool they ought to be patented. And then there's Billie Hayes who plays Witchiepoo - she's an absolute riot! It's about as over-the-top as a performance can get, but in this venue, it's perfect and hysterical. What would the show be without Witchiepoo? Not a thing!If you grew up watching the show, and if you can appreciate good camp, "H.R. Pufnstuf" is definitely worth watching again. Sid and Marty Krofft were working on a tight budget, and that's obvious, but they were able to pull off magic with what they had. Not only was it great television, but also the show was highly influential. Will today's children like it? I can't say, but I would assume so.As far as the DVD itself is concerned, Rhino did an uncharacteristically poor job. The shows look and sound good, which is the main thing, but the navigation is dreadful; finding your way around is a chore. The interview with an adult Jack Wild is simply audio dubbed over a series of (creepy) photographs. (He hasn't aged well.) The sing-a-longs are a nice addition, but I would've liked to see more. The episodes are good, but randomly selected. I would be more than happy to add "H.R. Pufnstuf" to my DVD collection, but I'm going to wait for a better release, hopefully a box set with all 17 episodes. I guess I'm hooked again!
 6305811687-2 POSITIVO  I really enjoyed the dvd it brings back old times for me, and my 8 yr old son loved it. kw
 6305811687-3 POSITIVO  This classic collection will bring the 40 something crowd back to their childhood! It is fun to view something that was so cool then and is so fruity now! My kids, however, were not nearly as entertained as I was. I made them watch it to get them back for all the years of Barney and Teletubbies to which I was subjected! If you watched this show as a kid, H.R. Puffnstuff is still your friend when things get rough! ;-)
 6305811687-4 POSITIVO  Well, OK, technically it's Jesus. But if you loved H.R. Pufnstuf, you'll love the DVD set, and so will your kids.
 6305811687-5 POSITIVO  I am so glad to have this...what a childhood memory watching this. And Witchiepoo! Nothing like going back in time...the props and the set...much different from things being made today. This is still just as wonderful as it was in it's time.Great one to have...add it to your collection!!!
 6305811687-6 NEUTRO  It's amazing how much children's television has improved over the years. This was one of my favorite shows growing up so it was definitely a trip down memory lane. I actually bought this for my children to watch since I had such great memories of the show. But times have really changed! Witchypoo yells out, "you stupid idiot" and other such stuff. For adults who want to see an old favorite again, this video might be worth buying. But even I was kind of disappointed. Watching it again kind of ruined a good memory. The characters are dated and make Barney's costume look futuristic! The language seems inappropriate for kids of many ages.
 6305811687-7 POSITIVO  Man, Do you remember what it was like back in the late 60's and all thru the 70's? One thing stands out in my mind, and that one thing being Saturday morning TV. We had the best TV shows back then. Who remembers waking up on those early Saturday mornings, with a bowl of sugar coated cereal in one hand, and a blanket,( still in you pjs) in the other, and sitting right in front of the TV to start watching all those great cartoons, and all those great Sid and Marty Krofft shows. Those days are unfortunatly long gone, all but memories, but you can still relive them. Just buy this H.R. Puff DVD. All the magic, creativity, and fun is here. Witchie-Poo, Jimmy, Puff, and the rest of the gang. I recommend this DVD, an also all the rest of the Krofft stuff, like Land Of The Lost, and Sigmund and the Seamonsters, which are all on DVD. I will buy all of them whan they come out. You owe it to yourself, and your kids(if you have them) to get this DVD and the others, and to show them what real Saturday morning tv was and is. Buy these DVDs, and take a trip back in time, when Saturday morning TV meant something. Those days are gone, but we have these DVDs, and the great memories. Long Live Sid and Marty Krofft....
 6305811687-8 POSITIVO  If you grew up in the 1970s, you watched &quot;H.R. Pufnstuf&quot; after school... even if you don't remember it well, you saw it at least once. &quot;Barney&quot; owes his existence to the first big plush dragon (or whatever type of animal he was!) on TV.With Freddy the Flute in his shirt pocket, Jimmy (played by Jack Wild) sings and dances with his costumed friends in the fantasy world of Living Island where all animals and even inanimate objects like clocks, chairs and houses talk and interact with everyone. A definite predecessor to &quot;Pee Wee's Playhouse!&quot;The DVD has an interview w/ Jack Wild as an adult and has previews of other Krofft Titles. There is also an H.R. Pufinstuf theme song sing-a-long w/ the DVD. Even the FBI warning on this DVD is entertaining!The picture quality is excellent and the DVD is well worth the price to be transported back in time to your carefree childhood days of afterschool television and the Krofft Superstars.This is also great viewing for kids compared to the usual garbage that is on tv for kids nowadays. Morals such as friendship, loyalty and teamwork are taught in a non-threatening fantasy environment.
 6305811687-9 POSITIVO  The world of Living Island, including Witchie Poo and H. R. Pufnstuf is arguably the best effort from the Krofft team. The look and feel of the show is engaging to all ages, the voice talent is second to none, and the characters are loveable (and laughable - even the villain). I loved this show as a kid and still love it as an adult. It was great watching this DVD with my two young sons!The transfer to DVD is great and these episodes are wonderful representations of the series. The interview with Jack Wild has good content, but not as engaging thanks to the &quot;slide show effect&quot; of him speaking.This is definately a series that NEEDS to be released in total on DVD and, at the very least, the Pufnstuf movie needs to be available!
 6305811687-10 POSITIVO  My mother was always talking about this show and one day she bought it. It's a great show the amazing thing is The Kroft Brothers only made 17 eps. ! First time I saw it I thought what the ... hey this is ok. My favorite charactor is Pufnstuf. The point it's awesome and buy it (its worth it).
 6305811687-11 POSITIVO  Oh, those halcyon days of Pufnstuf, Witcheepoo, and Jimmy. When your biggest worry was "how is Jimmy going to keep Freddie the Flute out of the clutches of that evil Witcheepoo?"Well, those times are BACK! Discover the original psychedelic children's show that was so well loved that McDonald's stole the backgrounds, characters, even the artists from H. R. Pufnstuf to create their "McDonaldland" (ever notice how similar Mayor McCheese is to Pufnstuf? Oh, wait... but he's a Burger, not a dragon... nevermind the sash, and voice...After the Kroftt brothers won their lawsuit, you saw very little of McDonaldland in commercials)But my main reason for purchasing H.R. Pufnstuf was to expose my second grader to the wonderful world of Living Island, and spark his imagination the same way my imagination was sparked 31 years ago.
 6305811687-12 POSITIVO  the site says you get a "Twin-Pack", meaning (2) Dvd's of this show!! {Poor Advertising} Boo-Hoo, only (1) dvd of my Favorite kid show..... Still, i'm glad for buying this quirky little gem! I beleve Pufnstuf should be a Collectible! If your kids like Barney, they're GONNA LOVE Pufnstuf! Whoo-Hoo!
 6305811687-13 POSITIVO  I ordered this DVD, and literally could not wait for it to arrive! I used to watch "witchiepoo" every Saturday morning, and I could not wait to see it again for myself, and to also share it with my kids, ages 10 and 7. It met all expectations!Alot of it I remembered, and it was fun getting reaquainted with the things I did not remember! My 10 year old likes it, but my 7 year old actully loves it! She has watched it over and over, and already knows all the songs! Which we now all sing on the way to school! Thank you for offering this classic on DVD, because every Saturday, I get to relive a little bit of my childhood, and have gotten the opportunity to "show" my girls, instead of telling them, what Mommy watched when she was little.
 6305811687-14 POSITIVO  This is a great dvd. I remember watching this show and all of the other Sid and Marty Krofft videos! This is a good show for people of all ages
 6305811687-15 POSITIVO  I've really enjoyed watching the DVD. This show was always a hoot. This brings back great memories and still makes me laugh. I wish someone would air an H. R. Puffinstuf marathon just once!
 B00008EMZ4-0 POSITIVO  alright i hope this be a nice video cause i already rated five stars.
 B0006IGJJW-0 POSITIVO  When I bought this single cd, I thought I was going to only like it for the one person who I liked on it, Peter Heppner. When I heard it and listened really well, all 3 of them, Milu, Kim Sanders, and then Peter Heppner all shine. I recommend watching the video to see the emotions in their faces, especially if you are not German speaking. Also the proceeds from this recording went to help orfans in Afghanistan. All in all a very good listen and I highly recommend it to all Wolfsheim/Heppner fans....you will also become fans of Saunders and Milu as well.
 B000B5252U-0 POSITIVO  Having followed the Erotic/Sinners Lounge series for quite some time, I decided to pick this up to not so much for the music featured, I just wanted to add this volume to my collection since I have most of the others. This volume of Erotic Lounge has two cds, just like the other erotic lounge releases, one cd labeled "Soft and Lazy" and the other "Quick and Dirty". The overall sound of the songs featured on "Bare Jewels" mainly focus on acid jazz, break beat, trip hop, and whatever is in between."Soft and Lazy", some of the songs featured on that disc sound anything but, yet they flow seamlessly with the same mood and the songs remain consistent with the vibe. My only complaint is that some of the songs are once again "recycled" from past installments, namely "Dance Naked Under Palm Trees" by Mo Horizons and "You Have to Come With Me" by The Funky Lowlives. These songs are great and all, they fit in with the whole vibe, but I just don't want to hear them again and again on every Erotic Lounge Compilation.On the plus side, Sade's Lovers Rock is featured among other great songs that add to the momentum that this cd provides. For anyone who is a fan of Bebel Gilberto, the version of "O Caminho" featured here is a different/alternate version than the one that is featured on her self titled album. This version of the song replaces the acoustic guitars with retro sounding synth, giving the song a unique sound that is befitting of this compilation.If you are new to the whole Erotic Lounge series, you may want to start with the Erotic Lounge Deluxe Edition and then the first installment. If you like what you hear based on those two cd, then you might enjoy the rest of the series, yet keep this in mind, every installment follows a certain sound and vibe. Overall this is great compilation to have, for those special after dark moments, it's even great in the mornings and afternoon. Who said it had to be in the dark, if you get my drift...
 B00006BNEE-0 POSITIVO  I will start this review off by addressing those of you who know who The Rasmus are. For those who have heard &quot;In The Shadows&quot; off of their newest album, &quot;Dead Letters&quot; and now want here some of their older stuff this CD is one of the best ways to do that. This CD is a special edition so it comes with 4 songs that were not on the original edition and also the music video for &quot;F-F-F-Falling&quot;. If you have the Dead Letters CD then you have heard F-F-F-Falling (this CD is the one that the song was originally from) Almost all of the other songs on this CD are fast paced just as it is.Now to those of you who haven't heard of The Rasmus. I will start by telling you a little about the band. The Rasmus are a band from Finland that have been around for 10 years. They have sold gold and platinum with all 5 of there CDs. With their new CD &quot;Dead Letters&quot; they are expanding their fan base to the UK, Asia and overseas to Canada and the USA. The &quot;Into&quot; CD is more upbeat and lively than Dead Letters which has a darker sound(both are CDs are highly worth buying). Like I said, the songs on this CD are upbeat and when you listen to the music you can't help but feel happy/energetic.Now about the songs:Madness- fast paced song you can't help but likeBullet- &quot;like a bullet you can hurt me...&quot; all around great songChill- the lyrics &quot;every time when I painted my room, like fool I hid my feelings...&quot; describes this songF-F-F-Falling- Very catchy song that will have you hookedHeartbreaker- quickly paced song about a girl who wanted to be a &quot;heartbreaker&quot;Smash- song with more of a serious toneSomeone Else- the line &quot;...make her boyfriend understand that things are not what they used to be...&quot; describe this songSmall Town- about someone sick of being in a small townOne & Only- &quot;...one and only lonely...&quot; about coming back and things not being the sameLast Waltz- &quot;confusion leads the dance, we're waiting for the last waltz&quot; that describes this relationshipDays- bonus track off of the &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; singleCan't Stop Me- bonus track off of the &quot;Chill&quot; singlePlay Dead- track off the Madness single(Cover of the Bjork song)Used To Feel Before- from the Madness singleIf you are still iffy about this CD, do a little research of your own. Check out www.therasmusstreetteam.org and check out the music videos for &quot;F-F-F-Falling&quot; and &quot;Chill&quot; to give you a taste of the album (You can also check out a live performance of Bullet and Madness). (For those of you who are fans of The Rasmus, join the street team and help promote.)
 B00006BNEE-1 POSITIVO  Overall "Into" is one of the best albums I've ever listened, along with newer The Rasmus release "Dead Letters". Only ten songs which form a very good whole and there are no songs that feel like leftover pieces thrown in, like in many other albums. When listening you simply cannot skip a song because they all are equally great quality. Songs differ from painfully beautiful and touching ballad "Someone Else" to rocking beats of "F-f-f-falling" and "Bullet". There is no explaining how Lauri's [singer and songwriter] beautiful lyrics bring life the amazing stories of real life. All the songs have been written by heart and base on personal experience, which makes them all so real."Into" was a great leap ahead for the band whose music has changed much after every CD. "Into" introduces us to more grown-up band and stronger sound. The Rasmus debut album "Peep" was funky and full of life, next one "Playboys" showed us the guys having fun, third album "Hellofatester" was a bridge from the funky beats to great powerpop songs and now "Into" shows how guys have grown with their sound and style.Something about each song:First two songs, "Madness" and "Bullet", are a great start for the album, fast rocking and a good intro for the others, but still doesn't tell all about the Rasmus' sound and leaves spaces for surprises. After that they calm things down with "Chill", pretty summer song about leaving everything behind. Fourth "f-f-f-falling" might first sound like a mindless pop song, but gives us a story of a guy who thinks he can handle everything and is on top of the world. Even the greatest ones fall sometimes, is the lesson of the song. "Heartbreaker" is one of my ultimate favorites and it'll finally give you the feeling that these guys know what they sing about. It's about wanting too much and only getting yourself hurt. a story of young girl whose life isn't so great after all. Almost every the rasmus album has a story about drugs, and in "Into" it's "Smash". Personal touch shows on the song about a friend who used drugs. "Someone Else", a ballad about a girl, is powerful song that begins with a metaphor but then goes on telling an honest story about getting out of the bad relationship and finding someone who really cares. "Small town" is funny, cute piece after all the sad stories and I think most of us who live in small places can relate to that. "One & Only" is one of the strong songs that are amazing when played live. "Last waltz" is a very beautiful ending for the album. Slow and romantic full of love and heartbreaking angst.
 B00006BNEE-2 POSITIVO  First off, I must put that I absolutely adore any thing relating in part to The Rasmus. I was introduced to this great Finnish band at 13, so this year, in about April or May. At first I was like, "Ok... guy with feathers... right. These guys SUCK!" But I listened to the music, and the lyrics, a bit more and I realized that they have great music. There is definite harmony and the vocals are perfect. I got a copy of Dead Letters from a friend but went out to buy it myself because I loved it so much and wanted the booklet all to myself!Then my friend got Into and I have yet to get it. She got the Special Edition and has made a copy of it for me. I listened to it all the way through and was a bit disappointed. It wasn't as serious or, might I say, mature, as Dead Letters. But I kept listening to it. The lyrics were pretty good, not as personal, but still great. The music was awesome too. The vocals were as good as ever. Now the CD hardly leave my CD player. I love it THAT much.I'd say that the best songs on the album are probably Smash, Last Waltz, Chill, Heartbreaker, Days, and the rest of the special edition songs. I can't really choose a favorite because the songs, as different from each other as they really are, they all appeal to a different side of me. I think that with this great album, you'll find that you might not like it at first but it really grows on you.Madness is a great song to start off with and it gives you a good taste of the rest of the album. It is a remarkable album as a whole, and you'll find yourself humming "Bullet" the rest of the day.I'd highly recommened getting Into (Special Edition) before any CDs on your list if you have heard any of the songs on Dead Letters and at least remotely enjoyed it. Into, meaning zeal or enthusiasm in Finnish, is a great album, and I would give it an 11 out of 10 if I could.Oh, and might I add that the guy with feathers is Lauri, the vocalist, and he had blonde hair at the time Into was done, or so the pictures in the booklet suggest.-The Carmen
 B00006BNEE-3 POSITIVO  I brought Dead Letters and loved it so much and The Rasmus so much i decided to order Into.....i was glad i did too- i thought the price was great- expecially with 5 extra songs....the reason why i got the special edition of INTO was because the price was great....and it had the f-f-f-falling video!A great CD, a must-have for any Rasmus fan! This one's a little different from Dead Letters, but a fantastic change. Their older music has rock, pop, everything. There's a ballad in the form of "Someone else." A great CD. Buy it!!
 B00006BNEE-4 POSITIVO  I will start this review off by addressing those of you who know who The Rasmus are. For those who have heard &quot;In The Shadows&quot; off of their newest album, &quot;Dead Letters&quot; and now want here some of their older stuff this CD is one of the best ways to do that. This CD is a special edition so it comes with 4 songs that were not on the original edition and also the music video for &quot;F-F-F-Falling&quot;. If you have the Dead Letters CD then you have heard F-F-F-Falling (this CD is the one that the song was originally from) Almost all of the other songs on this CD are fast paced just as it is.Now to those of you who haven't heard of The Rasmus. I will start by telling you a little about the band. The Rasmus are a band from Finland that have been around for 10 years. They have sold gold and platinum with all 5 of there CDs. With their new CD &quot;Dead Letters&quot; they are expanding their fan base to the UK, Asia and overseas to Canada and the USA. The &quot;Into&quot; CD is more upbeat and lively than Dead Letters which has a darker sound(both are CDs are highly worth buying). Like I said, the songs on this CD are upbeat and when you listen to the music you can't help but feel happy/energetic.If you are still iffy about this CD, do a little research of your own. Check out www.therasmusstreetteam.org and check out the music videos for &quot;F-F-F-Falling&quot; and &quot;Chill&quot; to give you a taste of the album (You can also check out a live performance of Bullet and Madness). (For those of you who are fans of The Rasmus, join the street team and help promote.)
 B00006BNEE-5 POSITIVO  Into is a Great album by The Rasmus. It is definitely a more pop music album. The Rasmus older cds are harder rock but this is absolutely The Rasmus being more mature. I recommend this cd to anyone who likes pop rock or The Rasmus.
 B00006BNEE-6 POSITIVO  The Rasmus - Into is an AMAZING album and a must buy for all Rasmus Fans. As you might know, Their latest album (Dead Letters) is very emotional and are mostly songs with a sad meaning, the album released before this was Into, and the ones before all that were very happy and bouncy - Into is the cross from the happy to the sad. Every single song is brilliant and original! The best tracks are 'The Last Waltz' 'Heartbreaker' and 'One & Only' A true masterpiece in the music industry!
 B00006BNEE-7 NEUTRO  Not as good as their later albums. A little too light with the guitars, adolescent in a way but the promise is there.
 B00006BNEE-8 POSITIVO  I love Dead Letters, but this CD almost eclipses their best-selling world-wide release. Sucks being Canadian &amp; having to buy their catalogue via Amazon, but at least I don't have to go to Europe to do so. Phenomenal CD &amp; shows their spiralling talent. Finnish music rocks!! Luv 'em to pieces!!
 B00006BNEE-9 POSITIVO  I loved the whole album! The words are quite beautiful and all the songs were unique and special to themselves. &quot;madness&quot; is a very punky song, and &quot;Smash&quot; is beautiful with it's message it gives. And lastly, &quot;Last Waltz&quot; is unique and gives off a very &quot;bjork&quot;ish feeling. It's definately an album to buy if you love The Rasmus and &quot;Dead Letters&quot;!!
 B00006BNEE-10 POSITIVO  I'm collecting all of The Rasmus' albums and naturally I had to have ALL OF THE BONUS TRACKS!Well, they're all present and accounted for. ^.^I love all the songs on this CD. And it's excellent that Aki is the drummer! X)
 B00006BNEE-11 POSITIVO  WOW-- What can I say except that this album blew me away. I have been a fan of basically all Finnish Music for years and The Rasmus was one of the last bands I got into and now I regret it. I don't know why I didn't, perhaps because I was entirely to infatuated with Ville Valo from HIM lol.. I bought "Dead Letters" off Amazon and it ended up being in my cars CD player for months! The videos on YT are exceptional as well as the interviews. Many are also with other Finnish Bands. The singer Lauri sings with Ville on an Apocolyptica song and both the live version and the official video are in my favorites. I have a younger brother who swore up and down that he wouldn't like them. I showed him the live video and he borrowed a couple of my CD's and as before I didn't get them back!!! HAhaha so much for judging. :) On Amazon the prices are always so great that it is easy to not worry about giving things such as CD's away so that others can love them as well. Amazon has helped me to share The Rasmus w/others and since my brother has 11 kids now the oldest ones have also taken his... The reason I tell you this is because I live on a small island on Lake Superior and we have no music stores or anything even close, so I come on here and listen to the samples of the bands which has been a blessing. I highly recommend that you listen before passing on this as well as the others. Enjoy!! &lt;3 I'm positive you will. KIIPIS! (Cheers in Finnish)
 B00006BNEE-12 POSITIVO  I am not a fan of The Rasmus but this CD is the best of themMadness- 9/10Bullet- 7.5/10Chill- 8.5/10F-F-F-Falling- 9/10Heartbreaker- 8/10Smash- 9/10Someone Else- 5/10Small Town- 8/10One& Only- 8.5/10Last Waltz- 7/10Can't Stop Me- 9/10
 B00006BNEE-13 POSITIVO  I think that the rasmus 'INTO'was a great cd and definatley worth the price.There is no doubt that it is the best cd in my collection.
 B00000E48Y-0 POSITIVO  This surprisingly overlooked, if not underrated, recording of Maurice Ravel's entire "Daphnis et Chloe" ballet score, is noteworthy not only for being one of the best recordings ever made of this work, but it is also Bernard Haitink's very first with the Boston Symphony Orchestra; the sole American orchestra that he's been most closely associated with for more than two decades (Indeed for most of this time, it was the only American orchestra he worked with, culminating in a successful European tour which he led them on earlier this decade.). Haitink offers a glowing, swift interpretation, drenched in ample Impressionist orchestral textures. Both the Tanglewood Festival Chorus's ethereal vocals and Doriot Anthony Dwyer's exquisite flute solos are among the musical highlights of this fine recording, which I believe should be regarded as among the definitive ones of Ravel's ballet score, and among the few offered in its entirety. Without question this is an elegant, captivating treasure from Philips which deserves more attention from potential customers, especially fans of Ravel's music, conductor Bernard Haitink and the Boston Symphony Orchestra.
 B00000E48Y-1 NEUTRO  I've come back to this CD a number of times over the years, and I always lose interest. As a resident of greater Boston I was predisposed to love this recording, so I felt guilty about my indifference. I figured the problem must be that the work is not to my liking. I was proved wrong by the recent box setEugene Ormandy Conducts 20th Century Classics. Ormandy's performance of the second suite with the Philadelphia Orchestra shimmers with all the tiny details of the score, and the ah-ooh-ah of the chorus is simply gorgeous. There is nothing particularly hateful about Haitink and the BSO, but they don't seem to tap into the same magic.
 B000N0UMI2-0 POSITIVO  I?m a Hollies fan for ever and ever. I?m very happy with the Hollies come back. The new album "Staying Power" is great. The songs are goods like the sound but my complaints is that "Staying Power" has little Rock and Roll and no songs Hollies owns. Why? The 2006 Hollies line-up is Tony Hicks - the Peter Pan of the Rock - (lead guitar and vocals), Bobby Elliott (formidable drummer) both Hollies originals members, Peter Howarth (great lead vocals similar Allan Clarke voice), Ray Stiles(bass, vocals and ex-"MUD"), Steve Lauri (Guitar & vocals) and Ian Parker (keyboards & vocals). Peter Howarth is excellent singer but I miss Allan Clarke (the classical voice of THE HOLLIES). The album has goods songs: "HOPE" (the most commercial), "SO DAMN BEAUTIFUL" (excellent ballad and new single in England), "PROVE ME WRONG" (maybe the best for me), "BREAK ME" (the most rocker), "SUSPENDED ANIMATION" (experimental track), "TOUCH ME" (the come back to The Hollies rocker sound from the seventies), "EMOTIONS" (pretty good ballad with Hollies harmony vocals), "WEAKNESS" (the most AOR track), "YESTERDAY?S GONE" (formidable Tony Hicks riff guitar in the middle of the song with "I CAN?T LET GO" homage) and the last track "LET LOVE PASS" (wonderful ballad full Hollies harmony vocals). "STAYING POWER" is a good coming back. I wait the next album sooner with more greats songs (owns) and more Rock and Roll similar "LONG COOL WOMAN IN A BLACK DRESS", "LOOK OUT JOHNNY (THERE?S A MONKEY ON YOUR BACK)" or "THAT?LL BE THE DAY". THE HOLLIES: a great band.
 B000N0UMI2-1 POSITIVO  The Hollies' first album since 1983's "What Goes Around" marks the debut of new lead singer Peter Howarth and new Rhythm guitarist/harmony singer Steve Lauri,who join original members Tony Hicks(lead guitar,vocals) & drummer Bobby Elliott(yes,I know that he didn't join until the 3rd UK single,but he is essentially an original member),and long-time(25 year) members Ray Stiles(bass) & Ian Parker(keyboards).Together,they create an uncompromisingly modern,but rocking,high tech sound,albeit one that is much more guitar-driven than the mushy synth-pop of "What Goes Around".Occasionally,Bobby Elliott is replaced by a drum machine or percussion samples,but not to the extent that he was on "What Goes Around".The new lead vocalist is somewhat higher pitched than Original(now retired) singer Allan Clarke,though when singing in the lower part of his range,Howarth is timbraly similar to Clarke(Those that lament the absence of the now 68 year old Clarke should be made aware that Clarke's voice,fried by old age and smoking wouldn't be able to cut it today).The songs range from good to excellent,and I particularly like the opening song "Hope"(why it wasn't selected as a single is known only to EMI).But my complaints are these:there is no original songwriting.The inclusion of some Tony Hicks songs(or even an occasional lead vocal from him) would have helped to maintain a traditional "Hollies" flavor.In truth,the album doesn't sound much like the Hollies,and the regular Hollies harmony vocal sound is only occasionally present(on "Emotion" & "Touch Me").One song needlessly processes Peter Howarth's voice through a vocoder,a dated and uneccessary touch.He's got a great voice,so why disguise it? Also,this EMI/UK CD uses a copy protection process,though it should be explained that EMI/UK's copy protection was previously only intended to stop copying on computers,that this disc is encoded to stop copying to non-computer digital recorders(I.E. portable or hifi component Minidisc,DAT or CD-R recorder equiped with Serial Copy Management system).This type of copy protection would be blatantly illegal in the U.S.A.,but Britain has no legal protections for consumer recording rights.In order to copy this CD to Minidisc or DAT,you must first create an scms-free CD-R disc on a professional audio CD-R recorder;a machine which ignores SCMS and records without SCMS.The data on this CD has been manipulated so that when you try to copy to an SCMS-equiped consumer audio digital recorder,this EMI CD itself appears to be a copy,and then SCMS blocks a recording.This is a unethical abuse of copy protection.And one more thing,the Japanese pressing adds a bonus track.I can't comment on that song since I haven't heard it.
 B000N0UMI2-2 NEUTRO  I was hoping this would be a great comeback CD, but it fails to impress me.While there are many strong songs here this album doesn't quite sound like classic Hollies. Peter Howarth has a pleasant and strong voice, but just can't match Allan Clarke's distinctiveness that made the Hollies harmonies soar to the sky. Without Clarke the Hollies wind up sounding like any other Adult Contemporary pop band. (I'm reminded of the Little River Band or America, sorry)Like so many of the Hollies recordings since 1983's "What Goes Around" the biggest problem is everything is smothered in bland "cheesy" keyboard arrangements and programming. Some of the keyboard sounds are very dated sounding. I doubt anytime during this recording the Hollies were playing in the same room together. During the 60's and 70's The Hollies were a guitar based group first that recorded most of their 60's and 70's recordings "live" in the studio with little overdubbing.Compared to their older albums "Staying Power" doesn't rock very hard either and plays it too radio-friendly safe. The songs have nice hooks but wind up sounding too generic and bland. I heard the band is working on a new album soon, so I hope they crank up the guitars and really work on making the vocals sounding close to classic Clarke-Hicks-Nash/Sylvester for next time.I suggest checking out the sound samples here before purchasing. That the CD also has copyright protection to keep you from copying it on your PC doesn't help my opinion either, though I doubt the Hollies had any say on that. Hold down your shift key when putting the CD in to keep it from auto-booting the protecting program, and then "rip" it to Mp3's.
 B000N0UMI2-3 POSITIVO  I've been a Hollies fan for 40 years, ever since I first heard "I'm Alive" when I was 15. I have everything they've recorded, and so I had to buy this CD too once the price fell to a reasonable level. I really like it, even though Alan, Graham, and Terry aren't on it. It's very well recorded, with great material, and beautiful singing, thus carrying on the Hollies tradition.I've played it on my car CD system and my wife, twice, said how much she like it. She didn't always say that about the other albums!
 B000N0UMI2-4 NEGATIVO  What would you think if, say, Ringo and Paul got together and recorded under the "Beatles" moniker? It wouldn't be possible because no one in their right mind would accept Ringo and Paul masquerading as "The Beatles", no matter how many other musicians they were augmented by.Even the most ardent Hollies fans (and I count myself among them) must face facts. This is a band that for all purposes ended around 1980, when Bernie Calvert and Terry Sylvester signed off. After that, what passed for the Hollies was a band wallpapered with synthesizers, and doing Richard Marx-style material.One could argue that Bobby Elliot (drums) and Tony Hicks (guitar) were always the heart and soul of the group, even in the early days. They are still professional and competent musicians, but they are buried here in a syrupy progression of songs that pretty much blend into each other.Hicks trots out his banjo, electric sitar, and Spanish acoustic stylings, but he plays with no inspiration. Elliot thumps away in perfect time, but provides none of the dramatic drumming that made the early Hollies so exciting.This cd is just an empty exercise that doesn't even sound like the Hollies. Peter Howarth (the lead singer) could just as easily be miming Styx records, and these songs and arrangements suit somebody like Belinda Carlisle.Twenty three years after "What Goes Around", the "phoned in" reunion with Graham Nash-- this cd comes, which rocks even less, and feels less authentic. Two stars for one decent song ("Hope"). If there is a next time, I won't be buying.
 B000N0UMI2-5 POSITIVO  The Hollies were a great group and they certainly had 'staying power'. But they were a 'singles' oriented group rather than one known for their albums. So apart from a few albums like 1966's &#34;For Certain Because&#34; and 1974's eponymous &#34;Hollies&#34; album, few of their albums have had the consistency of quality that you really look for when considering buying a whole album. But surprisingly, &#34;Staying Power&#34; does have a consistency far beyond the patchy quality of most of their late 1970s (and beyond) albums. There are four or five gems: Prove Me Wrong, Weakness, Live it Up, Yesterday's Gone and Let Love Pass. These songs offer a slightly different sound to their traditional hollies sound, but the album is nevertheless tight and well produced.
 B000N0UMI2-6 POSITIVO  If you're a dire hard fans of The Hollies you may not like this album. From my experience with the Hollies, this album is totally different and I LOVE it! The Hollies have experimented with pop/bubble gum pop. As you see with some of the low reviews, there are people who hate it, and don't believe it sounds at all like the Hollies music. However, I disagree. What is music if you don't experiment or try different genres? I love a lot of genres, pop included. I can listen to this album from beginning to end and not skip a song. It's really good, and I highly recommend it. It takes a lot of balls for the Hollies to make this album, and I'm glad I bought it! :-D. You will notice some collaboration with Gregg Alexander (from the New Radicals) and Enrique Iglesias.CD Produced by Ray Stiles and Ian Parker. The Hollies Limited (c) 2006 (sound recording), (c) 2005 (label copy information), (c) 2005 EMI Records, Ltd.Song list:1) "Hope" by Rob Davis and Steve Stack.My review: Good album open. It uplifts you by making you realize that we have to believe that we can solve our problems (hope/faith). Themes: hope/faith, love. Some of the lyrics I love include "Hope, the only way we're going to keep our sanity." "Hope, there's got a little be a little bit of you and me.", "No use feeling sorry for yourself, when you've got something else--hope...""So Damn Beautiful" by Mark Read and Graham Stack.My review: Typical pop song about love, and heart break. If you get really into it, it could make your heart melt. Themes: lost/love. Some of my favorite lyrics: "You're so damn beautiful and I wanna make you mine", "I would walk a thousand miles to find my way to you", "How can I make you love me? I'm so blinded by your light, how can I make you see?""Prove Me" Wrong by Mark Read and Graham Stack.My review: There's a lot of strength in here because you admit that you're wrong and that other person is right. I guess that theme is relevant with love, too. That's what the Hollies sing about in this song. How many times have people refused to recognize/tell their errors? Themes: love, error, admit your wrong. Some of my favorite lyrics: "Well I could run away and hide, but I'm still here by your side." "I can't give up so easily...there are times when I feel insecure" "Every time I tell myself I can't go on, you prove me wrong"."Break Me" by Rob Davis, Gregg Alexander, and Enrique Iglesias.My review: Hopefully you recognize some big names here. Gregg Alexander who used to be apart of "New Radicals" (1999) and now a producer of music (view this website for a full listing: ) and the famous singer Enrique Iglesias. Enrique Iglesias made his own version on his album, Seven (2003) with a slightly different name "Break Me Shake Me". The song discusses about trying love, and not being afraid of being tested to prove their love. For the classic Hollies, there are some good guitar solos in the song. There is good collaboration in this pop song. You see the influence of all of them with the Hollies. Some of my favorite lyrics: "Don't be afraid to try me", "Take me, you can break me, but you can't make me kill our love because that's the only thing I can't do for you", "I want want to get somewhere inside your world...""Shine On Me" by Robert Hart, Makr Read, and Cliff Masterson.My review: I love the guitars in the beginning of the song. Good pop song about strength, and love. Some of the lyrics are very classic, the music, the instruments and lyrics all combine something into good love song. However, it could be applied to other themes, too (such as religion). Some of my favorite lyrics: "Like a tide we rise and fall", "There were times were I stood alone, I found the strength to care on" "When you came into my life like a thousand angels watching over me". "Just when you think all of the walls were closing in around, oh baby, I'll be your fight". "You don't need to hide in the shadows of no one, all you have to stand up, you're not on your own...""Suspended Animation" by Gregg Alexander and Rob Davis (for some reason The Hollies' booklet and website credited it to Rob Davis and Tom Nicolls, but EMI credits it to Gregg Alexander and Rob Davis. I have to believe EMI here. Reference:)My review: As you see here, we got Gregg Alexander (of the New Radicals) collaborating with the Hollies. A little slow down, with guitars, and I can here voice manipulation being used in parts. I like that being that the song is called "Suspended Animation". Themes: wishing and waiting, love. Some of my favorite lyrics: "They say you can never rise above your station /But girl you've got me hanging in suspended animation.", "And still I'm begging baby / Won't you take me please?""Touch Me" by Rob Davis, Gregg Alexander, and Enrique Iglesias. Here we see another collaboration between Gregg Alexander and Enrique Iglesias. This song appears on Enrique Iglesias' album called "Seven" (2003) with a slightly different title "The Way You Touch Me". Another typical pop song about love/touching (effect). A like the music in the background, and the guitars. You'll hear a lot about needed a bigger commitment, touching (effect), love. Themes: love, commitment, touch, effect. Some of my favorite lyrics: "I needed you to know I'm more than a one night stand". "We can walk, we can talk all night long. It's the way you touch me baby""Emotions" by Rob Davis and Lamont Dozier.A mix between ballad pop, gospel, some guitars in the mix. The song discusses about emotions changing them, running away from them, stealing their energy. If I were to choose the weakest song, I'd probably chose this one. Not saying it's bad, but it could be better. It's a calming song, though. Themes: emotions, changing, growing up. I don't have a favorite lyric."Weakness" by Rob Davis and Chris Braide.It's pretty much a sappy love song about a lost love. Themes: love, lost love, heartbreak. Some of my favorite lyrics: "Lying here without you and I'm feeling like the end of the world", "You're my weakness in the middle of the night." "I wonder who you're dreaming of"."Live it Up" by Rob Davis, Gregg Alexander, and Enrique Iglesias.Another collaboration. This song was included in Enrique Iglesias' album "Seven" (2003) entitled "Live It Up Tonight". Maybe you won't (didn't) realize the hidden message in the song. It's one of those songs that says we're all types of people ("we're straight, we gay, we're bi...we're black, we're white") but we all need to live life to the fullest. Even if it means to be wrong, to lose love, to break up, etc. At least that's what I understood from the song. Themes: love, live life to the fullest, break up. Some of my favorite lyrics: "To tell the truth, we lie", "So come on, live it up tonight, move on", "It's time we give it up...", "We loved, we lost, we tried. Did I say that I'm fine? Cos I'd die..""Yesterday's Gone" by Mark Read, Mark Topham, and Karl TwiggThe song describes how we should look forward to today and tomorrow, and not dwell on the past (yesterday). The lyrics are very catchy. Themes: living in the past, future, today. Some of my favorite lyrics: "Yesterday's gone baby don't you know / You'll never get it back, gotta let it go","Let Love Pass" by Rob Davis and Chris Braide.I always thought the title should be "Let Love Pass You By", sounds more romantic. A good theme for the end. You probably can tell that it's about leaving love, let love go by, "just walk away, tell me goodbye" as the song says. Themes: break up, love, let go, hurt. Some of my favorite lyrics: "Just walk away, tell me goodbye, if that's what you want, don't tell me why", "Maybe someday when you're searching for something / You'll realize what you've thrown away / Then I'll be long gone so don't try and hold on / There's no lookin back for today".I hope you enjoyed my review. ROX ON! :)
 B000N0UMI2-7 POSITIVO  now this doesn't sound like the allan clarke hollies but the cd has a really good contemperary sound.i especially like HOPE;SHINE ON ME;and YESTERDAYS GONE.the best song i feel is LET LOVE PASS.again it really doesn't sound like the hollies but british pop still has a place in my heart.
 B000N0UMI2-8 POSITIVO  Although the familiar voices are gone, the great lyrics and song writing are still present in this new band with the original drummer and bass player. The sound is a little more modern than past recordings but the voices blend well together. The new vocalists are great and this album should be released domestically. I call the music very emotional for lovers and friends. I would think that mostly all Hollies fans will appreciate the music-very emotional and easy to listen to--soft rock as was many of the former Hollies bands were. I hope they tour in the USA and make another album--I will be right there to see them and continue buying their music. Hollies fans-give it a try-you will not be disappointed. Rock on.
 B000N0UMI2-9 POSITIVO  I have been a long-time Hollies fan and have found them to consistently produce quality music. Yes, it's taken a bit to get used to the continuing changes the group goes through, but Tony Hicks and Bobby Elliott, the two remaining original members, have done an excellent job recruiting talented musicians and continuing to produce catchy tunes rich with their wonderful melodies and harmonies. Peter Howarth is great as the new lead singer. Staying Power has the energy of their earlier years beautifully combined with the todays audio technological advances. I am so impressed with the entire CD that it is hard to pick a favorite. This is a wonderful treat! I highly recommend it!
 B000N0UMI2-10 POSITIVO  This album is similar to a lot of albums that came out in the early '70's - it has grown on me through time and the more I listen to it.The vocals, instrumentation, recording quality, and song quality are 1st rate, something you would always expect from The Hollies. Those that lament the absence of Alan Clarke should remember that the same sentiments were expressed during the Rickfors era, and that era produced the top notch 'Romany' lp. No, this isn't the Hollies of yesteryear, but I prefer a 'classic' group still producing new and potent music than one that is simply trying to live on past glories.The only complaints I have (and they are minor) are the album is a bit too synthesizer laden and a few more acoustic songs (I know you have them Tony) would have been appreciated. Don't let that put you off because this is a first rate effort by a band that has a lot still left to offer. I can't wait 'til their next release.
 B000N0UMI2-11 POSITIVO  Being a fan for more than 30 years i bought this album with trepidation,Allan Clarke was a Hollies icon, but i put it in the player headphones on and away we go,i was hooked from track one, Emotions my fave track but all of them excellent not a bad track on it, The King is dead,long live the King, a new reborn Hollies. Well done.
 B000N0UMI2-12 NEGATIVO  Generic 1980s/90s slick stuff here, with a few memorable choruses, does not a good album make. The only track that offers something that breaks the mold is "Suspended Animation", a wonderful electronica-based track, which has a nice, easy, unforced feel, a good vibe, and a strong memorable hook. This track alone is worth hearing, but as for the rest...don't say I didn't warn you.
 B000N0UMI2-13 NEGATIVO  Romany, What Goes Around, Buddy Holly, and Staying Power are the four worst Hollies albums ever recorded (five if you include the one they're currently recording as of this writing). And Staying Power ranks below all of them.As a Hollies fan for over 15 years who eagerly awaited a new album, I must say that this was a huge disappointment. This contemporary adult album is barely listenable. Heck, it's barely The Hollies! But if you can forget that this is SUPPOSED to be The Hollies, then there's one good song on here: "Hope". The only other song I can remember on here is "So Damn Beautiful", but that's only because it was the single that came out before the album. If you're heard "So Damn Beautiful", then you've heard the rest of the album. I swear I cannot tell any of the other songs apart.This album should be credited to "A Bunch of Guys featuring Tony Hicks and Bobby Elliot from The Hollies" much like the abysmal "John Kay and Steppenwolf" albums. Tony and Bobby are the only two original members left, and even so, they're barely noticeable on the recording. If you're going to buy a Hollies album, buy one that predates the year 1980 before their creative streaks took a turn for the worse. May I suggest "Distant Light" or "Confessions of the Mind"?
 B0000508WH-0 POSITIVO  This compelation is quite good overall. It begins with an instrumental &quot;prelude&quot;, segues into a new versoion of &quot;Whaver It Takes&quot; recorded by The Kry accompanied by &quot;Columbune Blue&quot; and the West Bowels Community Church Youth Choir (Casse's church). The song is based upon a poem that Cassie wrote just before her death incorporating Phil 3:10-11. The rest of the disc is a mix of good music all based around the theme of the album. It ends with Rebeccah St James's &quot;I Believe In God&quot; with an actial recorded quote from Cassie (a longer version of the home video footage on the beginning of the &quot;This Is Your Time&quot; music video). It reads: &quot;Ok . . God is teaching me patience right now, and, and um ah also total dependancy upon him. I tend to depend on people a lot and um I'm not very patient as far as waiting for God's timing and for God to speak to me, so it's ben really frustrating, but it's really neat um seeing the results. I think that the way I'm advancing the kingdom is just by being a loyal friend and a good example to non believers and also Christians. Um, Just trying to not contradict myself and get rid of all hypocrcy, and um just to live for Christ.&quot;(April 18, 1999). Overall this is a great disc and the only reason that it does not get 5 stars is the fact that &quot;This Is Your Time&quot; was not included.
 B0000508WH-1 POSITIVO  This is a touching tribute to the life and legacy of Cassie Bernall.While some Non-Christian listeners might find the Christian format and theme of the CD alienating,I think it is very appropriate considering Cassie's beliefs and how important those beliefs were in her life.The design of the CD cover and booklet is very attractive and striking and somehow seems perfectly suited for a project about Cassie.I also appriecated that inside the booklet there were explanations of what every song is about ,including the two songs on the CD that are about/directly relate to Cassie.A voice clip of Cassie speaking about her beliefs is included at the end of one of the songs and the poem that she wrote that inspired the "Whatever it takes" song is reproduced in the CD booklet.Overall its a well done memorial tribute and I hope that people still continue to try to find it and listen to it, even though its out of print now.
 B0000508WH-2 POSITIVO  Before I bought this CD, I read the book &quot;She said yes&quot;. Now after buying the CD it's even more moving and motivating. All the songs on here help convey the message of the book and it is very inspirational. I highly recommend that you purchase this CD.
 B0000508WH-3 POSITIVO  It is just a really good CD. There's nice mix of slower stuff, pop, alternative, and folk. And it's for a really good cause, so it has an additionally powerful meaning when listening to it. I REALLY recommend it.
 B00004TKGY-0 POSITIVO  IT'S VERY DIFERENT AND HAS THE COLORS OF THE DESERT, IN ASTRANGE WAY IT MAKES ME FEEL LIKE IM IN THE DESERT. ITS VERY ENJOYABLE MUSIC. I REALLY LIKE IT. BRENTON
 B000VKKUY0-0 POSITIVO  I am a huge fan of Alejandro, but because of that one negative review, I was a little apprehensive about buying the dvd. I've seen the whole thing and it's really spectacular. I don't agree with that negative review. The band sounds great and Alejandro put on a great show. It's true he was a little more tired than in "No es lo mismo" pero no importa. As always, he is a true musician and professional, showing his spirit and soul through the music. That is what people love about him. I definitely recommend buying the dvd. You'll love it! (if you haven't bought no es lo mismo, I highly recommend you buy it...the dvd is the best performance of his life and I think it's the best cd overall that he has ever produced--although i love el tren!)
 B000VKKUY0-1 NEGATIVO  Comparing this DVD with the previous one of he is not the Same thing in truth gives pain of as they could call this a finished product. If it is had to compare with the rest of the productions of Alexander Sanz it is a true backward movement with bad image that not even seems quality DVD and audio nothing special.By the way, Amazon is not bothered in mentioning that one of both discs that east package includes is the DVD and the other a live disc of 10 songs extragoings of the concert live. The sound of the band is not as good as what normally there is customary Alejadnro to us.What has happened to him to Alexander with these bad productions?I give rating him of 2 stars because the performance of the band is spectacular although the rest of the product leaves much to be desired. It is not worth the trouble to buy it unless you are very fanatico of Alexander.
 B000VKKUY0-2 POSITIVO  If you are a fan of Alejandro Sanz then you would definitely enjoy this DVD. If it a very well put together performance and the video quality was excellent. He is an engaging performer who I wish I could have seen live but this is a great way to make up for it!
 B000VKKUY0-3 POSITIVO  I have to admit, I know Alejandro only through his duets with Shakira. I bought this only for the bonus track that features Shakira "Te Lo Agradezco, Pero No". This song was from a different venue, thus the "bonus" status. But the entire DVD is fun to watch, sound quality is good, video is fine as well. I've watched the entire DVD once, and the bonus track a dozen times.
 B000VKKUY0-4 POSITIVO  Visit my site alejandrosanz4englishspeakers to see the full playlist for the concert and English translations of his songs. This concert is amazing - he is always so good live! I really like his performance of Lo Ves - it's very emotional.
 B000VKKUY0-5 NEUTRO  If anyone has this DVD please tell me what songs are in it?Que canciones tiene el DVD?
 B000VKKUY0-6 POSITIVO  What I received was the DVD and I undestand that I will get the CD + DVD, even tough, the concert is grate.
 B000VKKUY0-7 POSITIVO  As everytime Alejandro do when being on a stage, this time we can see a very sensitive performance during his concerts in my country.
 B000VKKUY0-8 POSITIVO  exclente dvd para ser grabado en Argentina, aun que prefiero los otros conciertos que grabo en Espana. Lo mejor de este dvd es el bonus de la cancion "te lo agradesco pero no" a duo con shakira.
 B000VKKUY0-9 POSITIVO  If you like Alejandro Sanz music and style, it is a must have!!Concert includes his best songs.
 B000A3DFYU-0 POSITIVO  I LOVE THIS CD. IT IS THE ONLY ONE I HAVE LISTENED TO SINCE I GOT IT. THIS IS A MUST HAVE CD.
 B000A3DFYU-1 NEUTRO  Short and sweet....the new Black Rob is better than his first CD. Bangin' beats, tight style and lyrics. Shows us how good an album can sound when it is not rushed. Glad he took his time.P. Diddy is not on one song!!! Hooray!!! Big up's to Black Rob. Hotep.
 B000A3DFYU-2 POSITIVO  This album is so fire. Its really good.bout time rob has dropped another album.
 B000A3DFYU-3 POSITIVO  THIS IS CLASSIC MATERIAL. THEIR ARE ALOT OF ROOKIES IN THE GAME WHO DONT UNDERSTAND THE TRUE ESSENCE OF HIP HOP. HE IS STILL ONE OF THE LAST GREAT STREET RAP VETS.. THIS MUSIC WS STARTED IN THE STREETS AND IN THE END WILL GO RT BACK TO THE STREETS UNDERSTAND THAT.. ALL U COMMERCIAL WANNABEES... THIS MAN IS AND ALWAYS WILL BE A PLATINUM ARTIST.. OVER 2MILL PPL CERTIFIED HIM YEARS AGO.. I CANT BELEIVE THERE ARE PPL IN VANCOUVER CA CRITISIZING AN ART FORM THAT WS MADE IN THE STREETS OF NYC.. CANADA IS NOT EVEN ON THE HIP HOP MAP.. GET IT RT ROBS FLOW IS FLAWLESS AND HE MAKES RELEIVENT TIMELESS MUSIC NOT ONE HIT POP WONDER FLUFF. CERTAIN PPL SPEAKIN ABOT HIS ALBUM SEEM LIKE A HIGH SCHOOL KID TALKN TO A WORLD WAR 1 VET ABOUT GOING TO WAR U KNOW NOTHING ABOUT IT.. TRUST B ROB will rise AGAIN!!!! DO UR HOMEWORK HIP HOP IS ONE THING RAP IS ANOTHER ROB'S MUSIC IS FOR THE HIP HOP PUREST NOT THE NEXT GENERATION MC HAPPER FANS LOL.. GET IT RT!
 B000A3DFYU-4 NEUTRO  Pretty decent album. 3.5 stars. I was feelin most of the production. The lyrics are decent. Nothin great. Most of the beats are banger beats. Definately wasnt feelin all the tracks. Some werent sh** really. Some of the tracks hes on point of what hes talkin bout n all but I dont think it deserves 4 stars. It kinda seems like sometimes your listenin to some Dark sh**, then its seems like a bubblegumish feel, hmm, dont really know just seems like. But you want a straight rap album, decent stuff, cop it.My Top 5 Songs1.They Heard I Got Life2.Star In Da Hood3.B.L.A.C.K4.Yall Know Who Killed Him5.Warrior
 B000A3DFYU-5 POSITIVO  I am pleased to announce that Black Rob's sophomore album does not disappoint. It is defintely one of last year's best album and one of the best Bad Boy albums ever. The production is great and the rapping and writting are both great. Black Rob out did himself here and this is one of last year's best albums
 B000A3DFYU-6 NEUTRO  Black Rob finally dropped an album after five years. His flow is pretty much the same. The album does not really capture any growth on his part as an artist but more or less growth on the part of Diddy as a Producer; much improvement.Black Rob can use this album to build up his career again. He can do like the LOX and leave Bad Boy and really explode on the scene. Other than that, I think he will suffer the same fate as Loon, G-Dep, Da Band and Craig Mack; be hot for about a year, make his dough off this album and then fall by the way-side. I hope this isn't the last we hear from him.
 B000A3DFYU-7 POSITIVO  I was really surprised to see this albumn do so well after what's been going on with the bad boy camp but listening to this albumn, it's fire. all the political thug stuff and gangsta stuff is cool but it means nothing if it's not you. just like black robs My life album he is true to the streets, and real. I love this album. it really caught me by surprise. you gotta go out and get this one. you won't be dissapointed.
 B000A3DFYU-8 POSITIVO  Almost 6 years since his debut, Rob is back with an album a little better then that one. After being very quiet over the last half decade (being in jail a lot is most of the reason) he is back on Bad Boy (who has a thing with letting their artist only do 1 album and screwing them over). Packed with 16 songs, 2 are almost classics, 8 are good, the other 6 are ok, none are bad. Guests rap on only 2 songs and do hooks on 4 so after a long hiatus from BR you get a good amount of him. No Puffy thank god on any songs, and unfortunatley no G-Dep either. Production is pretty good as well. Tony Dofat does 5 songs, D-Dot does 3, Buckwild does 2, Joe Hooker, Trumaster, Scram Jones, Coptic, Kon Artis and the Buchanans all do 1 song. A nice album for hiis fans to have.#2 - 9.5 (nice beat -- there is another version with a tighter beat on alot of mixtapes from early 2005 under the name "Time To Ride")#3 - 8 (f/ Akon)#4 - 9.5#5 - 8.5 (f/ Kon Artis -- bout ho's)#7 - 9 (nice beat)#8 - 7.5#9 - 7.5 (relaxing beat)#11 - 8 (f/ Rhea Dummett)#12 - 9 (good beat)#13 - 9 (nice beat)#15 - 7(f/ Ness of Da Band)#16 - 7#17 - 7.5 (f/ Cali Ranks)#18 - 8 (f/ Da Band)#19 - 7.5#21 - 8Robert Ross -- Harlem, NYCheck all my reviews
 B000A3DFYU-9 POSITIVO  After giving THE BLACK ROB REPORT disk a listen, it's quite clear that Rob's new offering literally picks up where LIFE STORY (WHOA fame) left off thus safely avoiding the much dreaded "sophmore jinx"From the start Black Rob uses the courtroom as a start for the album (a recurring theme throughout the album, a clear swipe at his recent troubles with the law. this theme carries on with the second track THEY HEARD I GOT LIFE, a solid percussioned beat resonates over Rob's on-point delivery which adequately deals with why he took 5 years before releasing the album and his take on what happened to him (going to court and subsequent arrest). On WATCH YOUR MOVEMENTS Rob is his vintage "drop-the-street-knowledge" self as he offers 'friendly advice' to cats who've rubbed him up the wrong way, Akon drops a melodic chorus and hook over the stringy, well-sampled and somewhat mid-tempo beat (although i'm not a big fan of Akon's, i believe he's good when featured on a son).STAR IN THE HOOD is another easy track with a catchy hook, here Rob proclaims his street cred and kudos. On SHE'S A PRO feat. Mr Porter the pace of the album slows down a bit, the track is quite self explanatory (along the lines of 'golddigger). Another straight banger is B.R. feat. Cheri Dennis, a clever lyricall resume of the MC, the track (which is 2:28 mins) could've been longer for such a tight beat. The highlight of the album is definately YA'LL KNOW WHO KILLED HIM which is aptly laced with B.I.G's voice on Chorus is definately a classic cut the beat is sick and the interpolation of Biggie's voice with the track is tastefully done (you MUST give it a listen to understand me).Other standouts are B.L.A.C.K; YOU KNOW WHAT which contains creatively annexed clips of Louis Farrakhan; FIRE IN DA HOLE; SMILE IN YA FACE; WARRIOR; TEAM; HELP ME OUT. The closing track before the outro LONG LIVE B.R. deserves to be the last track as Rob gives off that "best-for-last" impression, from the addictive melodramatic beat to his sad, theatrical somewhat solid delivery.Overall this is one if not THEE rap album(s) for 2005. In this era of all-star cameos and albums characterised by nonsensical "fillers" It's poisely balanced and is creatively well put together (even the skits are nice!). EVERY track deserves to be on the album.
 B000A3DFYU-10 POSITIVO  I wondered why Diddy took so long to work on Rob's next project. His first album was fire! Astute story telling with a gruff voice and engaging word play are Rob's strengths. He's been through a lot and it's not hard to tell. I always thought he was more suited to a label like Def Jam though. However, don't sleep on Black. This album is already a below the rador classic in my eyes. Standout tracks include the heavy bass 'Star in the hood', 'watch your movements' feat Akon and 'I know who filled em' with a Biggie sample on the hook. The last track, 'help me out' has a wicked beat! Grimey, gutter, thought provoking and brutally honest. Black is back
 B000A3DFYU-11 POSITIVO  Black Rob finally returns with his sophmore album "The Black Rob Report after spending the better part of years in jail.As anyone that has read my previous reviews they know im a huge Bad Boy fan and have every hip-hop album that Bad Boy has ever dropped (except for Craig Mack's and G-Deps which i will be getting soon) but I never really heard any of Black Rob's music until i picked up the 10th anniversary cd and heard "Whoa" and that joint is a classic!After that I picked up Life Story and it was pretty good but not a classic in my mind.This album is better then Life Story with no fillers IMO.The lead single "Ready" is a hot joint but is to short."Ya'll know who killed him" is a good song and would be the next single if i had to pick 1 out but unfortunately there probably wont be another single because of Rob's ongoing legal problems and while this cd is strong really doesn't have any real singles besides Ready.Everyone thinks Black Rob will leave Bad Boy like Loon and G-Dep because they only dropped 1 album then fell off the map because they didn't go platinum.While this album will not go platinum because of poor promotion,which is a shame i dont feel Rob will get dropped from Bad Boy or leave simply because Diddy knows Robs lyrical skill and know he can sell records since Life Story went platinum not to mention he is one of the original Bad Boy artists.Pick this cd up because its straight fire and Black Rob is one of the best lyricist's in the game.
 B000A3DFYU-12 POSITIVO  it is soo awsome i love it i'm gonna try 2 buy it!!!
 B000A3DFYU-13 NEGATIVO  Listen up ... this is quite a statement from a middle aged former rap/hip hop hater: BR is on FIRE, ya heard. I haven't even checked out the previous CD yet, but this one stays in the drive. If you can listen to The Black Rob Report, and your head don't bob up and down, your toe don't tap, you ain't dancin' in your chair ... then check your pulse and get over to the ER asap cause something's wrong with ya. My favs: 1) She's a Pro, 2) Watch Your Movements, 3) Where da Bypass At (interlude), and 4) (last but certainly not least) When You Come Home. Give up the dollars for this one knowing you have made the right choice.
 B000A3DFYU-14 POSITIVO  (not really a kid) Like most I didn't know about Black Rob but one day I decided to pick up the bad boy 10th anniversary disc which included "whoa" I listened to it and loved it. I looked for when his next album would drop and it was like another week.I copped it soon as I could and I gotta say it is one of the most solid albums Ive ever heard. BR aint rappin stuff he wrote like three years ago during his five year break. This material is noticably fresh. Absolutly no filler. Black Rob has got to be the most underrated rapper in the history of time. This album isn't: "I'm rich , I'm gangsta, I'll kill you, Look at my car, Im gangsta...ect." This is real stuff.1.Courtroom Intro - N/A2.They Heard I Got Life - 9.5/10 Absolutly love the beat on this one, BR takes it without even dropping a hook.3.Watch Your Movements feat. Akon - 9.5/10 BR brings it here and Akon drops an incredibly smooth hook.4.Star In Da Hood - 10/10 HOT, BR borrows an old Wu Tang Sample and brings heat on this. "Saw some old dudes used to work my block, they on Lynix Ave. no sellin Tshirts and socks/Pushin everything they own in a shoppin cart, so I throw em somethin cuz deep down it hurt my heart."5.She's A Pro feat.Mr.Porter- 7.5/10 Disappointment because Mr.Porter is one of the best producers out there but he doesn't do much at all here, the beat is annoying. Just another song about hoes.6.Where Da Bypass At? feat. Petey Pablo, Craig Mack, and D-Dot interlude - N/A7. B.R. feat. Cheri Dennis- 9.5/10 smooth track, great keyboard riff provided by Coptic.8.Ready- 9/10 The apparent first single of the album. The drumline is cool it has a little drum-roll in it. Theres also these funny (very not mean sounding) people that at one point say, "He's black rob and hes a thug, F*ck wit him you'll get f*cked up" Good track.9. B.L.A.C.K. - 9/10Kinda falls of on this one. Sounds bored but drops some hot lines "Ladies and gentlemen kids of all ages ya bout to go on a ride with the wild and outrageous so buckle ya seatbelt my heats felt all through the ghetto the dominator Darth Vader creater"10. Lights Out Interlude - N/A11.When You Come Home feat. Rhea - 9.5/10 Love this one Buckwild does great with the beat. Rhea drops a very smooth hook.12. You know what feat. The Honarable Minister Louis Farrakhan-7.5/10. BR does good on this one but Minister dude brings it down some.13.Yall Know who killed him feat. The Notorious B.I.G. - 10/10 melancholy beat, sounds like something that would be on Life After Death. BIG lays the hook and BR rips it on the verses.14.Back to live Action interlude - N/A15.Fire in Da Hole feat. Ness - 9/10 First of two appearances from Ness on this album. Really hot track.16.Smile In Ya Face- 9.5/10 The drums on this one are insane! It's great! Hot song.17. Warrior feat. Cali Ranks -8/10 Not exactly one of my favorites, BR does good but I dont like Cali Ranks very much.18.Team feat. Ness, Chopper, Babs, & Aasim- 9.5 gotta love this one BR brings former Da Band members together and they just rip to the beat, no hook either.19. Help Me Out - 9/10 Real nice beat and the verses are good.20. Courtroom interlude - N/A21. Long Live BR - 9.5/10 Real hot track , straight from the heart. Great beat.22. The Verdict outro - N/AGreat album, if your a hip-hop fan you need to pick this one up.Black Rob doesn't even drop hooks on the some of the songs and they're still hot.
 B000A3DFYU-15 NEUTRO  Supposedly, Black Rob is in the middle of a court battle that could land him in jail for a long time. It seems to be a curse over there at Bad Boy and it's artists. One of three things happen to you: You either land in jail (Mysonne, Shyne, etc), get dropped or leave right when your career is taking off (Craig Mack, Mase, The Lox), or depart the earth way too soon (R.I.P. Biggie). This Bad Boy alum returns with the album The Black Rob Report, a continuation of sorts of 2000's Life Story. And anybody that heard the first album knows that a continuation of that album is not a good thing!Don't get me wrong, there are a few songs that are tolerable. "Watch Your Movements" featuring Akon (yes, Akon is actually listenable on here) is a song that works for Black Rob considering his admiration for the street life. "B.L.A.C.K." is a decent track with Black Rob telling a story about hustling on the streets and doing what he has to do to get by. "Team" features a few bars from newcomers Ness, Chopper, and Babs from Bad Boy's Da Band. Ness returns and does his thing on "Fire In The Hole" as well. The rest of the album is basically average or worse.The beat on "They Heard I Got Life" is too loud and sounds a bit forced. The same can be said about "Smile In Ya Face," along with Black Rob's poor decision to reword a bunch of lyrics from people like KRS, Biggie, and Slick Rick. "Help Me Out" will have you frown up from what sounds like a Vaudeville sample! "When You Come Home" featuring Rhea is passable although it uses a beat straight from 1983 or something. "Star In The Hood" exclaims who Black Rob truly is, showing little to prove that he's worthy of being a global icon like 50 Cent or Kanye West. Other wack joints include "She's A Pro" featuring Mr. Porter and "Y'all Know Who Killed Him" featuring (a sample of) Notorious B.I.G. "Warrior" featuring Cali Ranks and "Long Live B.R." are not bad songs, but it's certainly not his best either.The Black Rob Report is more of the same from yet another mediocre Bad Boy artist. Puffy hasn't had much luck finding a standout rapper to shine like his boy Biggie did for his label. And as far as Black Rob goes, he may or may not be sent to up the river from his pending court battle. But even if he beats his case, his non-existent rap career is like a lot of those prisoners in there for life...walking dead.
 B000A3DFYU-16 POSITIVO  This is that raw east coast, ny sh^t i've been waiting for. Lately all i been hearin is that dirty south, southern flow. It's bout time to stop focusing so much on tha south n for diddy to do a little less promotin "tha band", and a little more promotin cats like this. Robs got talent. 5 mikes.5 mikses.......Sh*ts a classic.
 B000A3DFYU-17 POSITIVO  Overall this is a solid album from one of my favorie MCs: Black Rob. Its not perfect but overall it's a strong album.
 B000A3DFYU-18 POSITIVO  Basically I Bought The Album Because I Knew It Would Be A Hot OneI'm Glad That He Got Something New Out Because Black + Bad Boy= A Hot Match!1
 B000A3DFYU-19 POSITIVO  I really didn't know any of Black Rob's music until I heard this album. I like it! I downloaded most of the album from itunes and put it straight in my Ipod. Bad Boy looks like they're moving forward! Yea, Da Band put the record label in a bad image, but look out soon cause my girl, Aubrey and the band 3 will be blowing it up soon!
 B000A3DFYU-20 POSITIVO  Ok im just gonna come out and say this right now, Bad Boy Records is back, (tho i really hope diddy stays in hiding). This cd is blazing, for a couple months i thought bad boy just died after their terrible decision of making a cd with "da band." This cd's production is hot as hell, and BR brings the life back to bad boy. Best songs: ready, star n da hood, watch your movements, br, when you come home, smile in ya face, and help me out.
 B000A3DFYU-21 POSITIVO  Man, I wasnt expectin Rob to come back like this! This IS the best rap album this year, NO JOKE. You really feel all his pain in this album. Cop this album NOW.Favorite tracks:Star in da HoodThey Heard I Got LifeReadyTeam
 B000A3DFYU-22 POSITIVO  the cd is hot. he got some joints on herr u can bang in the whip. my favorite song is the one with akon. black rob is back!!!!!!!!!
 B000A3DFYU-23 POSITIVO  this CD is great lyrics and beats ar on point Black Rob has shown tha he merrit to be respected more in the rap game. it is too bad that it had to come out from BabBoy. [...] i would not know about this CD. The marketing is so bad. maybe it is the time Black Rob move on with his career which means leave Badboy Puff is sucka now. he does not put effort into marketing he is artist since Biggi died and Mase left the first time.
 B000A3DFYU-24 POSITIVO  I was completely caught off-guard by how good this disc turned out to be. I assumed that the repetitive delay in releasing this sophomore album would result in stale and dated material. Not the case with The Black Rob Report. The entire album is bangin'- the beats are sick, and BR is as intrinsically relatable as ever. For my personal taste, this is Street Album of the Year 2005. The standout tracks are "They Heard I Got Life" (crazy beat), "Watch Your Movements", "Star In Da Hood", "She's A Pro", "B.R.", "Read" (ill hook), "B.L.A.C.K.", "When You Come Home", "Team" (ill guest cut), "Long Live B.R." There are really no weak cuts on this album. It's just a matter of preference. Thematically, Black follows-up with the standout skits that he kicked on his debut album Life Story. Unlike other albums, Rob's skits have a high replay value and tie-in nicely to the symmetry of the music. Just when it looked like Bad Boy would crumble once and for all, BR steps up to the plate and comes through with a clutch hit. Jay-Z once said that an effective MC is one who is capable of painting an accurate portrait of their environment. Black Rob successfully fulfills that task with blue-collar street-lyrics, while rappers like Jay-Z have grown beyond their means with unimaginable grandeur to be relative to the average fan. Despite some glossy production this is street music that is held in place by an MC who remains completely attached to the place that he calls home.
 B000A3DFYU-25 POSITIVO  After 5 years of waiting, Black Rob finally follows up his near classic album, "Life Story" with his sophomore effort "The Black Rob Report."1. Courtroom (Intro)2. They Heard I Got Life - 4.5/53. Watch Your Movements (Featuring Akon) - 4.5/54. Star in Da Hood - 4/55. She's a Pro (Featuring Kon Artist) - 4.5/56. Where Da Bypass At? (Interlude) (Featuring Petey Pablo, D-Dot, & Craig Mack)7. B.R. (Featuring Cheri Dennis) - 4/58. Ready - 4/59. B.L.A.C.K. - 3.5/510 Lights Out (Interlude)11. When You Come Home (Featuring Rhea) - 4.5/512. You Know What (Featuring The Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan) - 4/513. Y'all Know Who Killed Him (Featuring The Notorious B.I.G.) - 3/514. Back to Live Action (Interlude)15. Fire in Da Hole (Featuring Ness) - 4/516. Smile in Ya Face - 4/517. Warrior (Featuring Cali Ranks) - 4/518. Team (Featuring Ness, Chopper (Young City), Babs, & Aasim) - 4/519. Help Me Out - 4.5/520. Courtroom (Skit)21. Long Live B.R. - 4.5/522. The Verdict (Outro)Overall:66.5/804 StarsBlack Rob hasn't lost his touch over the years, his flow and lyrics are still on point. A couple of the beats lacked and mainly the hooks weren't top notch. Some of the tracks didn't even have hooks but B.R. still brang the heat to them. Puff Daddy did the worst job promoting this album so it's doubtful it will sell even near platnium which is a shame because Black Rob is definitely Bad Boys top MC!
 B000A3DFYU-26 POSITIVO  I like this Cd a lot. I think it's really neat. I love the tracks on the Cd. I just really like the Cd a lot. And I like Black Rob.
 B000A3DFYU-27 POSITIVO  It's been five years since Black Rob last dropped an album. Since his last release he's had a few brushes with the law, so The Black Rob Report was long overdue. With the success of "Whoa" it would be hard for him to top it, in my opinion anyway. I didn't know what to expect when I played the CD. The hypnotic beats combined with Black Rob rapping is what makes this album worth listening to. There's something on the album for everyone-from gangsta to straight up club songs. Black Rob's sophomore album is worth giving a shot.
 B000A3DFYU-28 NEUTRO  There's no Lox, Mase or even Diddy on this album but Rob's still on Bad Boy and delivers a decent album. While his rhyme style may sound a little dated compared to today's Kanyes, Eminems and Jeezys, Black still can bring it out on bangers like "Star in Da Hood", "Ready" and "Fire in Da Hole".
 B000A3DFYU-29 POSITIVO  I never thought the album would be this solid, since his last album came several years ago. the lyrics are on point, the beats are sic (some club bangers and some street laden beats). Black Rob's flow is still as nice as ever...one of the nicest MC's ever.Really a surprising album for 2005, one of the best rap albums that came out.
 B000A3DFYU-30 POSITIVO  All the reviews here have one or two things in common here.... surprised and satisfied. This CD is a must have for those who like their rap music and lyrics Real. Black Rob keeps it real from beginning to end on this excellent sophmore CD.There is no P. Diddy on any tracks or skits and we all know that's rare for a Bad Boy Artist, but a blessing.I think what makes this album so good is that no one expected an album like this from Bad Boy, but Black Rob is not the typical Bad Boy Artist, he is a real street dude that's true to himself (good or bad) and you hear that in his flow. Even the production (not big name producers) is perfect for Rob's flow.Nuff said, go out and cop this joint, you won't regret it. My favorites are "Ready, Watch Your Movements, Star In Da Hood, Smile In Your Face & You Know What."
 B000A3DFYU-31 POSITIVO  Yes, good, not great. Production-wise, this album is very good. It's mostly handled by in-house Bad Boy producers, including D-Dot, with a few outside contributions from Coptic, Scram Jones, the Buchanans, and Buckwild. There's no obligatory Lil Jon beat, no Neptunes appearance, no Scott Storch- and that's a good thing. There are probably no poor beats on this cd, and very few merely average ones. There also aren't many guest spots. Two appearances from ness, one song that features choppa, babs, and aasim, a hook from Akon, a hook from Mr. Porter, and that's about it. That's also a good thing. There are even a few really strong standout tracks. Star in da hood, Warrior, Ready, Help Me Out are the ones that come to mind. The problem with this cd is that Black Rob is an average lyricist and slow flower. He does have strong vocals and when he's on point, he's fairly impressive, but, when his flow gets lackadaisacal, he can be pretty boring. So for example, When You Come Home, which should be a fantastic song, is ruined towards the end by his simple flow and lame lines, like "a whole lot of me and you and a whole lot more of us." However, it's a hot street album and doesn't suffer from any obvious crossover material, so I'll give this four stars.
 B000A3DFYU-32 POSITIVO  Honestly I am really surprised. I heard star in da hood so i hadda check out the album. The album is really tight , its street. If you like street music definently for you. Oh and isnt it great to see that Chopper actually has talent.only reason it gets 4 because the shes a pro is annoying wit mr porter. The best songs1 Star in da hood2 they heard i got life3 watch your movements4 team5 yall know who kille dhim
 B000A3DFYU-33 POSITIVO  Damn, where to start? There's been no promotion, I hadn't even heard a thing about this album until I saw a link on a hiphop site i visit once in a while. This album is absolute fire. Sadly it might fly under the radar cause frankly no one really knows about it, but dont get it mistaken: this album is amazing from start to finish. A breathe of fresh air after pop-filtered releases that seem to be everywhere. Standout tracks are "Watch your movements", "Star in da Hood", "Ready", "Yall Know who Killed Him", and "Fire in Da Hole".
 B000A3DFYU-34 POSITIVO  The more I hear this CD, the more one guy keeps coming to mind: Biggie. I was never in to Black Rob that much because, probably like some of the rest of you, "Whoa" is always what I associated him with. Assuming that "The Black Rob Report" was just another Puffy-poppish production, I was blown away by how much this guy really reminds me of Bigge Smalls. While there is not one beat on here that gives the CD that commerical-sounding banger for the radio, tracks #3 and track #17 are definitely radio quality songs, just sick bangers with reggae-ish hooks (I don't even LOVE reggae that much). I'm surprised neither of these songs blew up. Overall there is only one song I don't listen to, sad because the song is actually good, the hook is just a little bit too corny. In an era where down south is blowing up and New York rap has faded a little, "The Black Rob Report" brings back that NY sound, flawless storytelling (like Biggie), and is just a great CD all around. If you like NY rap, this is a no-brainer, but for all you that are more in to the South and for the younger generation in general, Black Rob is light years ahead of most rappers in the game today. (Don't get me confused, I love alot of South music too!) In my opinion, this is one of the best rap cd's I've heard over the last 2 years. Go cop it!! Sorry for sleeping on you Rob, your potential is off the charts.
 B000A3DFYU-35 POSITIVO  Once again Black Rob has stepped up to the plate and made Bad Boy a respectable force in music. Fans have been waiting to hear his tales of Spanish Harlem and the hardships of growing up in the hood since Life Story, and he doesn't disappoint. Full of masterfully crafted songs, detailed stories, head nodding bangers, and witty punch lines. The Black Rob Report doesn't disappoint and is easily one of the best albums this year if not the best.
 B000A3DFYU-36 POSITIVO  Having already dropped a classic with Life Story, Black Rob returns to give us his Black Rob Report. Still the most underrated MC on the planet, Rob weaves his stories like a master magician. This Harlemite shows us again why he's one of the best doing it. Between The Black Rob Report and Kanye, 2005 has had classic Hip Hop.
 B000A3DFYU-37 POSITIVO  Black Rob's new album The Black Rob Report is a classic hip-hop album. It has nothing but bangers on there & I don't know if his actual debut album Life Story was a hip-hop classic too because I never purchased it. But I am sure it is because of the song Whoa! & the people I hear that have it or have heard it says it's a hip-hop classic. Anyways Harlem's own Black Rob delivers another classic hip-hop album you should check out & purchase if u have not already!!
 B000A3DFYU-38 POSITIVO  Rob alwayz come out with something tight, it's been a while but it's still good. Make sure ya'll pick that album up iight..take my advice.
 B000A3DFYU-39 NEGATIVO  I REALLY DONT SEE WHAT ALL THA HYPE IS ABOUT...HIS FIRST ONE TO ME WAS A LITTLE BETTER THAN THIS ONE HERE...MAYBE IT'S A COME BACK,BUT LIKE LL SAID DONT CALL IT A COME BACK.
 B000A3DFYU-40 NEGATIVO  thank god black rob is in prison another bad boy artist has bit the dust heard g dep's somewhere struing out anyway black rob's cd sucks.
 B000A3DFYU-41 POSITIVO  this cd is a definate must have for your collection! everyone song is amazing, and you will nto regret buying it!
 B000A3DFYU-42 POSITIVO  I really didn't think this would be a good album, but I was VERY wrong!!! This cd is great!!
 B000A3DFYU-43 POSITIVO  This album is great! I heard some of the songs and I love it!
 B000A3DFYU-44 POSITIVO  This is a really great album. It surprises you and keeps you wanting to listen to the whole thing. It really is a good buy.
 B000A3DFYU-45 POSITIVO  After a long five-year hiatus, Black Rob has come out with a bangin' new album. His songs are deep, real, and with good beats of course. We has proved to us that he isn't a one-hit-wonder working off the success of "Whoa!". Good job, Black Rob.
 B000A3DFYU-46 POSITIVO  if y'all remember black rob was on fire with WHOA! and now the man is back with THE BLACK ROB REPORT. i got to say it's blazing in my cd player all day no doubt. it's ridiculous. he brings more game than before. cop it and you'll never regret it. BANK
 B000A3DFYU-47 POSITIVO  Just cop it. Thats all I can tell you really.Black Rob is the best person in Bad Boy atm.
 B000A3DFYU-48 POSITIVO  I've been patiently awaiting the new release from Black Rob after hearing his incredible debut Album titled Life Story. It's took him nearly 5 years to complete his follow up but it was everything I expected. He's grown lyrically and his stories are deep and very descriptive. Hands down the best release from BadBoy since Biggies LIFE AFTER DEATH. Black Rob is just as good as the greats but he's highly underrated and dosent get to shine due to lack of promotion from P-DIDDY. Personally I Think Black Rob should leave badboy because Puffy dosent understand how great a talent he has.
 B000A3DFYU-49 POSITIVO  I feel Black Rob's new album. Personally, it's what I expect from Black Rob. No matter what he does or what track hes on he brings the heat. I look forward to future projects that he will do.
 B000A3DFYU-50 POSITIVO  Black Rob is Pretty cool every 1 should buy his cd its cool!!
 B000A3DFYU-51 POSITIVO  This Album is Hotttttttt!!!>Black Rob is def. a hit down in my area and school it seems since this cd came out thats all thats being played around the streets. If ur thinin about buyin it .. u shouldn't be even thinin U gotta buy it
 B000A3DFYU-52 POSITIVO  The Black Rob Report is one of the best album to come out on bad boy records since Notorious B.I.G.'s Ready to Die, it is also on my list of one of the 10 best albums this year, a possibly grammy nomination on the way for Black Rob with great songs, great writing, Great Skills and Great Rapping, I Love every inch of this album, this is one of the year's best albums.
 B00000AOSL-0 POSITIVO  Without a doubt some of Gary's best work is contained on this CD. &quot;Don't Believe a Word&quot; and &quot;What Would You Rather Bee or Wasp&quot; highlite Gary's trademark sound - a melding of blues, jazz and rock in a way that sounds both seamless and timeless. Mr. Moore has sent many a guitarist (myself included) back to the woodshed. But don't think of this as music for musicians... strong melodies (think &quot;Parisian Walkways&quot; here) have always been a hallmark of Gary's style and this CD is the rule, not the exception. I heartily recommend this selection... you won't be dissapointed.
 B00000AOSL-1 POSITIVO  If blindingly fast guitar 70's style is to your liking, this is the cd for you.&quot;Back on the Streets&quot; begins with a good solid rocker title track and takes off from there on a journey through several musical styles that Gary manages to master one and all.&quot;Don't Believe A Word&quot; is a great bluesy tune more in common with the material he is now best known for.Three songs in the middle find Gary tackling jazz fusion stuff very remeniscent of the Jeff Beck / Jan Hammer collaborations of the same time period. You might even think of Al DiMeola circa &quot;Elegant Gypsy&quot;.&quot;Song For Donna&quot; has some sweet mellow tones and worth the price of admission alone is the original studio version of &quot;Parisienne Walkways&quot; with lead vocals by Phil Lynott with Gary doing backup vox.Absolutely fantastic! This cd is a must have for completists and anyone interested in the evolution of one of the best guitarists of this or any other era.I would have given the disc 5 stars except for the inclusion of the song &quot;Fanatical Fascists&quot;, which is probably the worst song Gary Moore has associated himself with.( Italian mustaches?)Otherwise a superb recording.
 B00000AOSL-2 POSITIVO  FROM THE DAYS OF BEING A THIN LIZZY TOURING GUITAR PLAYER TO BACK ON THE STREETS A TRUE ROCK CLASSIC IN THE SAME LEAUGE AS &quot;BLOW BY BLOW&quot; AND &quot;BECK-OLA&quot; GARY MOORES GUITAR SCREEMES 4 MERCY UNLIKE NO OTHER. I HAVE THE ORIGINAL ALBUM I BOUGHT IN MY EARLY YEARS OF &quot;HIGH SCHOOL&quot; .A ALBUM IM SURE YOU WILL NEVER GET TIRED OF . I HAVE NOT!!!!!!!!! .VICTIMS OF THE FUTURE AND CORRIDORS OF POWER A MUST BUY!!!!
 B0000281UH-0 POSITIVO  This is one of the great free-jazz discs of the 90s. The band consists of Crispell on piano, Gerry Hemingway on drums, Mark Feldman on violin &amp; Hank Roberts on cello. I think this recording manages to capture both the rhapsodic &amp; the furious sides of Crispell's music at close to their best. The music is a true ensemble music, with Feldman leading off the disc with a beautiful, almost cantorial solo, before the band gradually enters behind him. Elsewhere he gets an entire feature track to himself. The track titles suggest the simultaneously elemental &amp; visionary nature of the music--&quot;Air/Fire&quot;, &quot;Water&quot;, &quot;Repercussions of Air and Light&quot;, &quot;Burning Air/Wood&quot;, etc.--&amp; even on the wilder &amp; louder tracks the music is celebratory &amp; passionate rather than merely angry or noisy. -- The recording is warm, if somewhat raw in feel, with a wide dynamic range that can be disconcerting, though this reflects the music's emotional range. A high point in Crispell's oeuvre.
 B0000084BE-0 POSITIVO  This CD contains most of their hits and some of the best tracks from their albums. I had only heard the German version of Smile (Ein Altes Lied) and didn't know the others existed. It was fasinating to hear Mississippi in German. Pussycats songs are all very cleverly arranged and catchy. If you like to hear a European/unique sound then try it. I have everything that Pussycat has done. If you're interested to hear more then email me at David.Sparling@Zurich.co.uk
 B0000084BE-1 POSITIVO  Pussycat was one of my favourite groups in late 1970s. I was quite excited when I heard that this new CD would be released by late May 2000. It is a great collection and no doubt a nostalgic taste. Especially &quot;Mississippi&quot; will take many people back to the good old days of 1970s. Thanks for releasing this CD.
 B00004GOVT-0 POSITIVO  Well, all i can say is WOW! this is the greatest soundtrack i have ever heard! alone, the madonna tracks are worth the money! you have got to get this!
 B00004GOVT-1 POSITIVO  Madonna has done it again; in her remake of &quot;American Pie,&quot; she manages to mix raw emotion with a techno sound. Considering she started out with C. Lauper and M. Jackson, I'm continually amazed with her ability to stay current.
 B00004GOVT-2 POSITIVO  What can we say about Madonna? She is great! Her version of America Pie has put me in awe. She took the worst song on the earth and made it into a pop sensation! Only the best can do that! GO MADONNA...
 B00004GOVT-3 POSITIVO  This isn't really my kind of music, but I really liked this CD. I bought it for Madonna and Moby and was pleasantly surprised. It's a pretty good mix of stuff. The only thing I skip is Christina AugaWhatever and that track isn't even too bad for her.
 B00004GOVT-4 POSITIVO  This is a great buy! I especially love Mandalay and Metisse...and of course the Best Thing..Ms. Ciccone herself...She never fails to amaze me with her music...Definitely a good add to any music collection!
 B00004GOVT-5 POSITIVO  i usually hate soundtracks because, inevitably, only one or two songs are worth listening too, but this one surprised me. although i must say that this christina chick is really annoying! can we say overkill on these teeny-bopper singers! why is she on this?
 B00004GOVT-6 POSITIVO  If you only buy one soundtrack this year, buy this one. Madonna's remake of the classic song &quot;American Pie&quot; is a wonderful tribute to the original. I absolutely love what she did with it. The original song called &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; is also a must have for fans. I also liked the contributions of several other artists on this cd, including the talented Christina Aguilera. This is a wonderful cd. Buy it ASAP. :-)
 B00004GOVT-7 POSITIVO  I bought this cd for Madonna's version of &quot;American Pie&quot;, not really caring about the rest of what was on it. Wow was I in for a surprise! The track are all beautiful and haunting. It's kind of like feel-good-techno-pop for the new millenium. The two songs by Madonna are exquisite (for those of you who haven't yet heard her version of &quot;American Pie&quot;, you won't be disappointed!). Another pleasent surprise is the Beth Orton track, &quot;Stars All Seem to Weep&quot;, if you don't have her cd, &quot;Central Reservation&quot;, yet then you'd better go out and get it NOW! The Next Best Thing delivers!
 B00004GOVT-8 POSITIVO  Madonna had a lot of fun picking the songs for this soundtrack. It shows!Incredibly groovy eclectic melodic sounds to move your body and reflect your life to.The one song that doesn't belong is Beth Orton's 'Stars Seem to Weep'. Boring bland dull production from Ben Watt. Zero passion and an &quot;I'm too cool for you&quot; vocal delivery.Mandalay's 'This Life' is similar to Orton's 'Stars' but better...like buttah. Smooth yearning urban passion. Nice horns ring throughout the song.Christina Aguilera's song is so cool/fun/poppy/sexy. She's like a Mini-Me Madonna! (Great things in store for this babe)Metisse, exotic and sensual. Manu Chao, jungle funny. Must check out their respective albums.Groove Armada, hectic techno-funky power. (with a simple yet true positive social message)Olive's coversong is crazysexycool, flirtatious, makes me want to hop around.Time Stood Still, Madonna really has the warm ethereal/elemental sound down. Followed up by Solar Twins 'Swayambhu', a beautiful space opera.Gabriel Yared's instrumental ends the fun on an optimistic note. This cd will open your ears and minds to new music. (Turn off your radio and turn on to Madonna/Moby/Metisse/Mandalay/etc)You'll be yearning for more from Madonna and the other fun, funky, talented artists on this CD! Buy it, you won't regret it.If you don't check out this cd, I'll sick the Mini-Me Madonna on you. :)
 B00004GOVT-9 POSITIVO  Ok, ok, I have to admit... Haven't seen the movie yet but guess what! Love the soundtrack! Madonna's new stuff is great! Moby... He's just THE man... It's got some sweet music you can dance to! I love soundtracks beacuse they give me the chance to check out some people I haven't ever heard of AND the music by the artists we all know and love! Give it a try! Come on... you know you want to!
 B00004GOVT-10 POSITIVO  This is a really good cd, in my opinion. I like most of the songs. My favorites are tracks 3,4, 8,9,10. Of course, like any cd, there are bad songs that do their best to ruin the cd. I think these songs are the first 2 tracks. If you ignore these songs, this cd is worth buying.
 B00004GOVT-11 POSITIVO  THIS ALBUM IS THE BEST THAT I'VE LISTENED TO IN A LONG WHILE. ALL THE SONGS ARE EXCELLENT BUT A FEW HONORABLE MENTIONS WOULD BE &quot;BOOM BOOM BA&quot; BY METISSE WHICH HAS A EXCELLENT BEAT, &quot;AMERICAN PIE&quot; BY MADONNA WHICH EVERYBODY HAS HEARD, CHRISTINA AGUILERAS', &quot;DON'T MAKE ME LOVE YOU&quot;, AND MY FAVORITE &quot;I'M NOT IN LOVE&quot; BY OLIVE. I LOVE THE MIX OF ALL THE SONGS AND CONSIDER THIS A STRONG BUY!
 B00004GOVT-12 POSITIVO  I am a longtime Madonna fan, so that is the reason I bought this record. Her two songs are tremendous; Time Stood Still ranks with Live to Tell as one of her best ballads. The rest of the album is all very good, especially Moby's piece. This is a definite buy for sophisticated, contemporary pop listeners.
 B00004GOVT-13 POSITIVO  The Soundtrack &quot;The next best thing&quot; is really great. Madonnas &quot;American pie&quot; and the ballad &quot;Time stood still&quot; is fabulous.You have to love it. The other songs like Christina's &quot;Don't make me love you&quot; is a beautiful dance number. You must buy this CD.
 B00004GOVT-14 POSITIVO  I LOVE AMERICAN PIE THAT'S A GOOD REASON TO BUT THIS ALBUM...........THE OTHER SONGS ARE A OK BUT AMERICAN PIE IS THE SONG.............
 B00004GOVT-15 POSITIVO  Madonna's latest film, 2000's The Next Best Thing of course comes equipped with a Madonna soundtrack. Trust me it's alot better than the movie. While the film tanked miserably, the soundtrack is full of beautiful, mostly electronic songs. Madonna does a mean cover of "American Pie", and for those of you who are [upset,] it didn't make GHV2-it just doesn't belong with huge tunes like "Take A Bow" and "Music". It belongs here, though as does the other Madonna tune "Time Stood Still" which isn't the strongest Madonna ballad, but listenable;all fitting among dance pioneer Moby and his breathtaking "Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?"-you know, just in case you didn't hear it in [the store] and primetime tv [several] times. Theres up and coming Djs Groove Armada and their "If Everybody Looked The Same", a good followup to their [booty]-shaking hit "I See You Baby". Theres Beth Orton and her sultry ambient/folk number "Stars All Seem To Weep"; Olive's cover of "I'm Not In Love", and the irresistably goofy "Bongo Bong" by Manu Chao. Theres plenty of great,diverse things on here. The only thing I would leave out is Christina Aguilera, who like this movie, is indeed a disaster.
 B00004GOVT-16 POSITIVO  This is without a doubt, one of the most beautiful soundtracks I have ever purchased. As the film was largely overlooked, many people may ignore this album.Produced by Madonna herself, you of course get a couple of exclusive tracks. The cover 'American Pie' (yes - she received a lot of stick for covering this, but listen to the original, and then listen to Madonnas again - hers is so much more beautiful and concise),the AMAZING (this SO should have been a single) 'Time Stood Still', without a doubt one of Madonnas most beautiful moments.As for the other artists - Mandalay, Groove Armada, Moby and Beth Orton all supply stand out tracks, helping to create an atmospheric and chilled soundtrack.A must for music lovers...
 B00004GOVT-17 POSITIVO  Almost the entire album is really good. Christina Aguilera's remix of &quot;Don't Make Me Love You&quot; is a really cool song with an awesome beat. And Moby's &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?&quot; was a great song. But the song that stood out the most on this album for me was the song &quot;Time Stood Still.&quot; The reason why? The exact same thing happened to me. It was as if all my emotions and words that I couldn't say were being sung to me at that moment. It is a beautiful song with an amazing orchestral background. Everytime I hear it, I cry. Listen to this song very carefully, and you'll see what I mean. Back to some other songs. Madonna's &quot;American Pie&quot; was a terrific song. Unlike most pop songs, this song doesn't have an annoying chorus that repeats over and over. If you are a big Madonna fan, Moby fan, or a fan of rock and pop, you will not be disappointed. Thanks for reading!
 B00004GOVT-18 POSITIVO  &quot;The Next Best Thing&quot; was a widely panned, definitely underrated Madonna film that was misunderstood by most critics but not by its audience. From the opening credits showing Los Angeles neighborhoods and a yoga class scored with Metisse's sultry, haunting &quot;Boom Boom Ya&quot; to Madonna's graveside a capella of &quot;American Pie&quot; (much more produced here), music was integral to this film. In keeping with her current infatuation with French and British dance/trance/techno bass-ed sounds, the material here is of a highly danceable piece and flows effortlessly. Even the Christina Aguilera track (&quot;Dont Make Me Love You Til I'm Ready&quot;) shows remarkable prescience; Madonna picked the most substantive teen girl pop singer for this project. Manu Chao contributes the whimsical &quot;Bongo Song,&quot; &quot;If Everybody Looked the Same&quot; from Groove Armada is rousing and majestic, Moby's &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?&quot; will stop yours, Madonna's own &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; is tender and sweetly sad. The only track that falls flat to me is Olive's &quot;I'm Not in Love,&quot; the 10CC hit which is rendered competently and contemporaneously here. I guess I still have fond memories of Dee Dee Sharp Gamble's definitive cover. This is one soundtrack that works equally well as an album, on the dance floor or in the ambient lounge.
 B00004GOVT-19 POSITIVO  I think Madonna probably had a great time choosing the songs for her movie.Metisse's &quot;Boom Boom Ba&quot; starts off this compilation with their infectiously groovy tunes, and although my personal favourite is Mandalay's &quot;This life&quot;, I always draw amused looks whenever Manu Chao's &quot;Bongo Bong&quot; is playing. I also love the reflectiveness of Madonna's &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; and Gabriel Yared's &quot;Forever and Always&quot;. Mr Yared again composed beautiful background music for this movie, and the flavour that he chose for &quot;Forever and Always&quot; is not dissimilar to John Barry's theme for &quot;Body Heat&quot; - warm and seductive, but also sounds longing at times.This soundtrack album stands on its own merit, even if you haven't seen the movie!
 B00004GOVT-20 POSITIVO  This soundtrack of futuristic electronica tunes handpicked by Madonna is brilliant and shines way above the movie it is supposed to accompany. Besides the updated version of the much-talked about American Pie by Madonna, excellent tracks include Metisse's Boom Boom Ba, Manchu chao's Bongo Bong, Mandalay's This Life, Groove Armada's If Everybody Looked The Same, Moby's Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad &amp; Beth Orton's Stars All Seem To Weep. And of course, the other Madonna song &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; which really sweeps! Hopefully, the blind Oscars committee would nominate this for a Best original Song to make up for Beautiful Stranger's left-out. In short, get the album, it's COOL!
 B00004GOVT-21 POSITIVO  There isn't one song on this album that I don't like. And how many times does that happen? Not many...if you only listen to one track on this CD, make sure it's &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; by Madonna. I believe it's one of her best songs since &quot;Take a Bow&quot;.
 B00004GOVT-22 POSITIVO  This soundtrack is so great. My favourite is easily Time Stood Still by Madonna. This ranks along with Bad Girl and This Used To Be My Playground. The other highlights of the album areChristina Alguria-Don't Make Me Love You Madonna-American Pie Groove Armada's song BUY THIS CD NOW!
 B00004GOVT-23 POSITIVO  This is the type of music that makes you want to stop your car right where your at and dance to your hearts content! If your at home your deffinately in that wide open space taking on a spiritual movement that's truly captivating. How could we expect anything else from Madonna but sheer perfection! Encore!
 B00004GOVT-24 POSITIVO  i was very shocked by this cd, not expecting much from a soundtrack from a movie i havent seen yet, but this cd took my by surprise. the songs are fun, peppy and mixed by many great artist. dont delay be happy and get it.
 B00004GOVT-25 POSITIVO  When I bought this album, I was expecting to only enjoy the two new Madonna tracks. I was so wrong! This is a great selection of dance tracks and haunting ballads. On the dance side of things, we have Groove Armada's &quot;If Everybody Looked The Same&quot;, Madonna's &quot;American Pie&quot; and Olive's truly brilliant cover version of the old 10-CC hit, &quot;I'm Not In Love&quot;. On the ballad side, we have Beth Orton's mournful, &quot;Stars All Seem To Weep&quot;, Mandalay's delicate &quot;This Life&quot; and best of the lot, Madonna's heartfelt &quot;Time Stood Still&quot;. Madonna sounds as good as she's ever done on this brand new track, and of course, William Orbit's co-production is exqusite as usual. One of the album's highlights is the opening track, &quot;Boom Boom Ba&quot; by Metisse. It's like a cross between Enigma, Enya and Madonna, and it works! Also, &quot;Swayambhu&quot; by Solar Twins is so incredibly gorgeous. It can only be described as a &quot;techno-hymn&quot;. It really is beautiful.Overall, this is a sophisticated album which has been very well chosen with the possible exception of Christina Aguilera's &quot;Don't Make Me Love You&quot;. It's cute, but does it really belong on this CD?I'd say if you're a fan of Madonna's recent work, and is willing to listen to music that she finds interesting, then definitely give this album a listen.
 B00004GOVT-26 POSITIVO  While many purist music fans will bristle at the new spin Madonna has turned on &quot;American Pie,&quot; there are many other good songs on this album.The song (and the movie, for that matter) opens with the ambient, pleasing rhythym of &quot;Boom Boom Ba&quot; by Metisse. Their ambient, Enya-like quality sets the tone for the album. Seguing nicely second is &quot;Bongo Bong&quot; by Manu Chao, a funny little danceable ditty about playing the drums. For those who haven't heard of Chao (which is virtually everyone), the song is highly comparable to one done by Eiffel65. Next comes Christina Aguilera's previously unreleased &quot;Don't Make Love You&quot; which is pure teen pop at its best. &quot;American Pie&quot; follows, it's Ray of Light-ish bleeps and clicks smoothed over by the fifth track, This Life by Mandalay. This Life is a standout song, (along with Boom Boom ba, stars all seem, why does my heart, and time stood still); it's rhythymic and pulsating style grab your attention instantly. Famous dance group Groove Armada pops in next with &quot;If Everybody Looked the Same,&quot; a throwaway dance track that, while enjoyable, is the ony song of the album that can be dismissed as &quot;filler.&quot;Moby's &quot;Why Does my heart feel so bad&quot; is a masterpiece, a soulful song interspersed with the beats of electronica. Olive's update of 10cc's &quot;Not in Love&quot; is a tad mechanized, but it pays off, the tune is fresh and enjoyable.After Olive, Beth Orton's &quot;Stars all Seem to weep&quot; mournfully bleed as the ninth track. It's a sentimental, but sweeping song, paired perfectly with the best track on the abum, &quot;Time Stood Still,&quot; by Madonna.&quot;Time Stood Still&quot; is perhaps Madonna's best ballad in a decade, since 1989's Oh Father. She laments ovr lost love in a mid-tempo Orbit-inspired song that resembles the Power of Goodbye.Swayanbhtu by the Solar Twins has a dark, Enya-feel, and The musical score by Gabriel Yared is likable.The standout tracks on this album are definitely numbers:1, 5, 7, 9, and 10, with additional high marks for tracks 2, 8, and 12.
 B00004GOVT-27 POSITIVO  Wow, Madonna really knows what good music sounds like. I just love this collection of absolute brilliant songs, especially the track 'This Life'. American Pie is cut into pieces, but it still tastes great and well, Time Really Stands Still with the beautiful Time Stood Still. Up to the real Madonna album in the summer. But this pie is still a nice treat!
 B00004GOVT-28 POSITIVO  Madonna is back and better than ever with her electronica styled music and a wonderful remake of Don Maclean's &quot;American Pie&quot;...There is also a visit by Christina Aguliera and many electronica artist...If you are a fan of music's latest electronica craze this is one for you.
 B00004GOVT-29 POSITIVO  One of the few movie soundtracks I would call brilliant. The twelve tracks on this album, ranging from Madonna's zingy cover of &quot;American Pie&quot; to Moby's &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad&quot; to Gabriel Yared's evocative instrumental &quot;Forever and Always&quot;, work together to provide a musically compelling and cohesive whole that works as a separate piece from the film.&quot;American Pie&quot; gets better with each listen, but the album's 'masterpiece' is the other song by Madonna: &quot;Time Stood Still&quot;. The orchestration is lush, Madonna's voice is beautiful -- fragile, nakedly unadorned, and vulnerable -- and the lyrics, combined with the plaintiveness of Madonna's vocals, contribute to one of this year's most haunting pieces. I have this track on repeat listen and it brings tears to my eyes every time.Whether or not this film is any good has yet to be seen. But the album is tops!
 B00004GOVT-30 POSITIVO  The beauty of this sound track is that beside all the big established names like Madonna &amp; William Orbit are new outfits with fantastic music to offer. The first track by Metisse is just amazing &amp; I'd buy the album just for their track Boom Boom Ba. It's a smooth &amp; seductive mix of vocals &amp; melody. There's alot of other great music on this C.D from the old and the new but these guys are something special.
 B00004GOVT-31 POSITIVO  As a pretty big fan of Madonna I've been looking forward to this release for a while now and I wasn't disapointed. American Pie may take a bit of getting used to but the quality of the other tracks are more than enough to keep me going. The first track by Metisse sets the mood for the whole album with a classy and unusal number that really sets the tone for the following tracks. Buy this soundtrack!
 B00004GOVT-32 POSITIVO  This CD is a must buy for all Madonna fans because all the songs are in Madonna's taste. All the songs have a nice, ambient, rhythmic beat. An honorable mention goes to Metisse because the song, &quot;Boom Boom Ba&quot; is beautiful. The two tracks by Madonna, &quot;American Pie&quot; and &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; are great as well. Other tracks include Christina Aguilera, Moby, and Olive. I definite recommend you buy this amazing soundtrack.
 B00004GOVT-33 POSITIVO  This is one of those cds that a lot of people will buy for one song and end up loving the rest of the album. The album seems to have a theme: sophistocated and symphnonic (but obscure) Euro-tronic music. Of course, the main track is Madonna's "American Pie", her performance of which is worthy to be compared to the original, but almost every other song is great too. "Boom Boom Ba" is addictive and catchy and excells as the album-opener. Things are enhanced when Moby enteres the scene with his soul-influenced, beautiful oddball "Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad" and the two tracks by Olive and Beth Orton are very entertaining, whilst the interesting "Bongo Bong" gives you something you're very likely to NOT have heard: what sounds like one of the Chipmunks "rapping" which adds humor and life to the album, as does the delightfully bouncy (and catchy) track by Christina Aguilera. The album finishes peacefully with the Gabriel Yared track. But the very best song on the album and the one worth buying the album solely for is Madonna's stunning "Time Stood Still", a rollercoaster of emotional lyrics and sweeping strings and melodious electronica. Produced by William Orbit, the song is straight out of "Ray of Light", thoug for some ridiculous reason, the song was left off the album. Starting quietly, "Time Stood Still" snares your attention and before you know it, a beautiful, soaring climax that defies genre-boundaries is flooding your ears. Definitely worth the price of the album alone.The reason, however, that this album only received 4 stars from me is the fault of the Christina Aguilera track, which, despite being a decent and fun song, seems to corrupt the musical theme and direction of the album. The other reason is the Solar Twins track, which eerily goes nowhere throughout the song and unnecessarily takes up time space. A song like it shouldn't have been on the album period, but it's followed by the equally mellow (without the eeriness) Gabriel Yared track, and by the time both songs are finished, the upbeat moments of the album seem like just a memory.So, in conclusion, if you buy this just for the Madonna tracks, there are very good chances you will enjoy most of, if not all of, the rest of the album. And despite the two theme inconsistencies I just mentioned, I guess the more broad listener would argue "There's something for everyone." Either way, I highly recommend the album, especailly the two Madonna tracks.
 B00004GOVT-34 POSITIVO  This soundtrack has become a favorite! It has a few upbeat and funky songs with different musical sound, as well as some very soothing and relaxing sounds. I play this music every night when we are sitting outside on the river eating dinner, at sunset time, and it compliments the atmosphere so well!! All of our guests ask what CD this is, and they love it also. Is has funky yet sophisticated style that can be played start to finish without stopping. A must have for every household!!
 B00004GOVT-35 POSITIVO  I bought this sound track simply for the Boom Boom Ba song; however, I was pleasantly surprised at the remainder of the cound track. I love this and recommend it especially for people that like to do Yoga.
 B00004GOVT-36 POSITIVO  I bought this for the Moby and Orbit tracks, But this Metisse tune is something special. I have never heard of them before, but I am sure that this is not the last we will hear of them. The album is worth buying just for Boom Boom Ba! achetez cet album pour Boom Boom Ba!
 B00004GOVT-37 POSITIVO  WOW! A fantastic soundtrack. The stand-outs are the excellent Madonna tracks. &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; is an amazing bitter sweet ballad and &quot;American Pie&quot; is fantastic. But it doesn't stop there. Unlike most other soundtracks, this one is great all the way through! There isn't a single song that I dislike on this disc. This is a great soundtrack for a great movie!
 B00004GOVT-38 POSITIVO  this is the first madonna's soundtrack i really enjoy...and not only for her songs but couse it has good songs as metisse's boom boom ba
 B00004GOVT-39 POSITIVO  While American Pie is the hook the rest of the cd greatly delivers. Several acts duch as Olive stand to gain new fans from this collection. Time Stood Still will surely be heard all over the radio this spring. Madonna once agai proves her talent as a producer as well as artist!
 B00004GOVT-40 POSITIVO  The obvious star is Madonna in this CD, but the C. Aguilera and Moby songs are potentially great singles. Madonna does an excellent rendition of &quot;American Pie&quot; and radio seems to be hungry for this single in heavy rotation. The entire disk has an amusing electric feel that leaves you wanting more!
 B00004GOVT-41 POSITIVO  Let's pretend Madonna doesn't exsist. This soundtrack album has the ability to draw you in and make you listen! The mix of music is a brilliant combo of contemporary pop, urban and electronic music genre's. I dont think you need to be a huge Madonna fan to purchase this CD. You dont have to see the movie in order to want to listen, or be taken by this selection of songs. With the exception of Christina A's song, there is much reason to keep playing this soundtrack over and over again. From Mandalay to Beth Orton, there an overwhelming feeling that you dont get from most soundtrack compliations. Now the Madonna tracks are beautifully executed! American Pie is wonderfully remade in to a Y2k theme song that is bright and illuminating! Do not compare this to the classic. it was remade for different biographical reasons. Time stood Still is a very haunting and capitivating piece. Cheers to the artist! This track, Moby's, and Orton's piece lend the emotional and desperate qualities ro round out the other bouncy and upbeat tracks. Madonna did a wonderful job of handpicking these tracks for this CD. The soundtrack by far out shines the movie in many ways. This is the way pop music should be progressing. In a forward and futuristic style. If music were fashion, there is so much to look forward to instead of all the repetitive music, and overly stated covers we hear on the radio these days. Buy this and see for yourself. Madonna and these artists flourish on this CD!
 B00004GOVT-42 POSITIVO  If you've been drawn to this album by the incredible production of William Orbit on Beautiful Stranger.... Then two surprises lie in store. Firstly you'll be surprised by the production on American Pie, what were you thinking William?. You can just about make out that he was probably (somewhere)in the studio while it was being recorded. Time Stood Still works far better, one gets the feeling he &quot;got his way&quot; a bit more on this track. Secondly, and the biggest surprise of all is that there are a couple of tracks on here that make Mr Orbit sound as if he has been sitting on his laurels for the past couple of years. Newcomers Moby and Metisse bring to this album a freshness and innovation that make it worth buying for these tracks alone. While the rest of the album does the business, there is a certain element of &quot;take it or leave it&quot;, but don't leave it ... discover Metisse and Moby now. And thank Madonna for the introduction!
 B00004GOVT-43 POSITIVO  Like many people who bought or will be buying this soundtrack, the main attraction is of course Madonna's 2 contributions 'American Pie' and 'Time Stood Still'. As with previous William Orbit collaborations, these two tracks are simply excellent and sounds like an extension to Madonna's critically acclaimed Ray of Light album. I have not heard of the original version of 'American Pie', but thought that Madonna's version is quite upbeat and fun (though the lyrics are a bit dubious...). 'Time Stood Still' actually sounded a bit like her single 'The Power of Goodbye' but is actually more accessible and much more listenable than the latter. As the album executive producer of the album, Madonna chooses the tracks that are featured on this album, so you can be sure that these must be some of her favourites at the moment. The other songs on the soundtrack are all very good too, like Metisse's quirky 'Boom Boom Ba'; and Christina Aguilera's 'Don't Make Me Love You' (for those of you who have bought Christina's 'Genie In A Bottle' single which also features 'Don't', rest assured that the version on this soundtrack is a slightly different one as compared to the one on the single. This version features a much more complex sounding music, and the vocal arrangement on this version is tighter and the whole production actually sounds much more smoother! ). Special mentions must also go to Groove Armada's upbeat 'If Everybody Looked The Same', Moby's 'Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad' and Manu Chao's 'Bongo Bong'. A very highly recommended soundtrack! It is a shame that Warner chooses not to released 'American Pie' as a single in the U.S, but maybe that will help to push up the sales for this great soundtrack!
 B00004GOVT-44 POSITIVO  This album is incredible! The names Madonna,Moby and Groove Armada make this album APPEAR to be great, but after listening, it IS great. Metisse, I think, have the best track followed closely by many others.
 B00004GOVT-45 POSITIVO  This soundtrack was wondeful. Madonna's songs were amazing.. American Pie is better than anything you could have heard.. Some of the other songs on the album were kinda wishy washy, But madonna's tracks make it worth every pennie
 B00004GOVT-46 POSITIVO  The big news here is Madonna's &quot;Time Stood Still.&quot; Anyone else almost moved to tears by the chorus? Our patron saint hasn't sung so beautifully since &quot;Live To Tell.&quot; Why wasn't this song used in the movie? (You hear a tiny clip of it at the amusement park scene). As for &quot;American Pie&quot;, I don't get these people who call into radio stations to complain about it--Don McClean (or whatever his name is), the original artist, called this version &quot;a gift from a goddess.&quot; Well said. These two &quot;gifts&quot; will tide us over until late summer when her new album arrives. Oh yeah, I think there are some non-Madonna songs on this CD too, but I'm not sure.
 B00004GOVT-47 POSITIVO  I listening this CD many times and I thing is good for a soundtrack. And not just for Madonna with &quot;American Pie&quot; and &quot;Time Stood Still&quot;. There are also other &quot;Best Things&quot;.
 B00004GOVT-48 POSITIVO  Wow, what can be said about Madonna and this soundtrack she assembled.Exotic, Top Class Artists Abound. With the Exception of Beth Orton, Whose Stars All Seem To Put You To Sleep.American Pie is pure Genius!Written by Don McLean, Produced by Madonna/William Orbit.It is fresh, progressive, catchy, beautiful bubbly soda cracker jack n' jill POP!Madonna chose the most evocative lyrics from McLean's original and transforms a song about the death of Buddy Holly into an amazing tale of life, love, religion, and music. Her own story, you could say.For those of you apprehensive about her take on this legend, here are Don McLean's comments about the new American Pie:&quot;Madonna is a colossus in the music industry and she is going to be considered an important historical figure as well.She is a fine singer, a fine songwriter and record producer, and she has the power to guarantee success with any song she chooses to record.It is a gift for her to have recorded 'American Pie.' I have heard her version and I think it is sensual and mystical.I also feel that she's chosen autobiographical verses that reflect her career and personal history.I hope it will cause people to ask what's happening to music in America.I have received many gifts from God but this is the first time I have ever received a gift from a goddess.&quot;Thank you, Sir. God Bless. Nuff Said.The Madonna original, Time Stood Still, will send shivers up and down your spine, through you, and above you.It's heavenly. Should angels choose to sing, they would choose this song as their heavenly hymn.Madonna's songwriting has never been better. Passionate, Spiritual, Melancholic...Madonna Conjures Up Fairy Tale/Story book images.No Small Feat for any writer be it Shakespeare or his sister...&quot;A flame becomes a fading light/That burns inside my heart And like a castle in the sand/It had to fall apart You made me laugh, you gave me hope/Our happiness went up in smoke/Time Stood Still...&quot;The Next Best Thing soundtrack will have you dancing, smiling, grooving, &amp; pondering life, loss, and love. Count your blessings , feel lucky that you're alive, be kind/get inspired,and get this CD.
 B00004GOVT-49 POSITIVO  the next best thing soundtrack has the best song on it.christina aguilera &quot;don't make me love you til i'm ready&quot;.it is a up tempo song sounds like &quot;love will find a way&quot; the song you would find on christina's debut album.also this is the only place you'll find this song it's a b-side song.
 B00004GOVT-50 POSITIVO  well the main reason why most people are buying this cd is because &quot;American Pie&quot; is not comming out in the US. The movie seen to be funny, and the music on this cd was hand pick by Madonna herself, or os I heard. So this is a good cd, I would get it, because, well Madonna is on it.. Good Luck
 B00004GOVT-51 NEGATIVO  Let me say this first: I like Madonna. However, in her latest effort, she has managed to suck the very life out of a song regarded as an American classic. Her anemic rendition of 'American Pie' is a travesty, and any person in the recording industry associated with the production or release of this abomination should be ashamed.
 B00004GOVT-52 NEGATIVO  Typical compliation fare. Nothing to go run out and get (unless you are an avid &quot;got-to-have-everything-she-puts-out&quot; Madonna fan). If you are a casual listener of Madonna (like me), then I'd recommend just dubbing her songs of the radio or borrowing it from a friend. Also, on another note, why did Madonna have the audacity to remake a classic? She is on one with that. Just for butchering a classic, I give her one star. Shame, shame Madonna.
 B00004GOVT-53 NEGATIVO  okay, okay so there is madonna, a great singer, but why not wait for her new CD to come out. And my favorite, Hottie Christina Aguilera with a GREAT voice, but the rest of the CD makes you wanna puke. I know I did. People you've never heard of singing something that sounds like a cat in a blender. They say Madonna picked all the people for the CD on her own, but she can't be that stupid, can she?
 B00004GOVT-54 NEGATIVO  Extremely disappointed in this selection. The songs are boring and dumb. I think the only song worth anything is American Pie which is lacking in creativity. Skip this CD if you have any appreciation for music and style.
 B00004GOVT-55 NEGATIVO  I must say I am very disappointed with this cd. I am a huge Madonna fan and purchase all of her cds and this one is the worst since the soundtrack to &quot;Who's That Girl&quot;. The new ballad from Madonna , Time Stood Still, is great. However, the version of American Pie on the cd is the slow boring version from the video. Avoid this horrible CD and save up for the remixes on the import cd.
 B00004GOVT-56 NEGATIVO  this CD is good, but some songs are really bad ,agulera's song is super trash,I hope if william orbit die because we want our 80's madonna back.
 B00004GOVT-57 NEGATIVO  I will admit, i have never been that big of a Madonna fan.. This cd proves that my opinion is right!.. Like others have said.. her version of American Pie is so tacky!.. The rest of the cd is just as bad.. I happen to like Christina Aguilera, i think she has a great voice. But the song is not original at all.. It's sad to see that a great voice has to record junk like that.. If you like her just listen to her current cd.. don't waste all that money for this one song.. I am just glad i heard the cd from the net, b4 i would of bought it.
 B00004GOVT-58 NEGATIVO  This soundtrack is very bad. First, there is the bland, bleeping remake of the classic &quot;American Pie&quot; in which Madonna lacks little if any enthusiasm. Then, her bland ballad &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; which sounds like all of her previous ballads and offers nothing new. The other songs are throw-a-way offerings from other albums by other artists. This is one that definitely should be left in the store! A complete failure on all levels.
 B00004GOVT-59 NEGATIVO  What possessed Madonna to attempt to remake &quot;American Pie&quot;? She completely ruined the song, which is a timless piece of art. She completely DESTROYED it! It makes me sick when I hear it on the pop stations, and I salute the local rock stations for vowing to never, ever play this garbage!
 B00004GOVT-60 NEGATIVO  This album features a whole bunch of filler and two new Madonna tracks. Her version of &quot;American Pie&quot; is lame and embarrassing. Her ballad &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; is a bland, average ballad along the lines of her previous ballad &quot;One More Chance.&quot; This soundtrack needed more guidance, as it is very boring. I cannot recommend it. Keep your money.
 B00004GOVT-61 NEGATIVO  Hmmm, ok first she's wearing men's suits and acting morally backrupt. Then she's begging Rodman to get her pregnant :(. Now she's in a movie which spouts a horrible message and she butchers a classic song to boot. Oh and she takes the name of the mother of christ too! I believe that this untalented &quot;woman?&quot; who is forty and has many many wrinkles should do us all a favor and disappear. your no monroe that's for sure.
 B00004GOVT-62 NEGATIVO  Just heard this at a friends' place &amp; it has a few interesting tracks, but nothing really special. I give it 1 star for including Beth Orton. Madonna's bastardization of one of the most beautiful, haunting pop tunes in history is simply abominable. She's turned Don McLean's folk-rock masterpiece into an electronica &quot;Get Into the Groove&quot; clone. Good Lord! The questionable ratings so far here on this album &amp; especially the reviewer below who made the &quot;dubious lyrics&quot; comment just goes to show the mentality of most Madonna fanatics. If you really want some cutting-edge music, try Beck's Mutations or the soundtrack to the film &quot;The Insider&quot; - both excellent!
 B00004GOVT-63 POSITIVO  I bought this soundtrack only for Madonna's two new tracks. I was blown away by the other tracks. &quot;Boom Boom Ba&quot; by Metisse is great, as well as most of the other tracks.
 B00004GOVT-64 POSITIVO  I actually bought this for the new song from Olive, a band that has been away too long since their phenomenal Extra Virgin album. However, Madonnna's tracks are excellent. I loved Ray of Light and theses songs will satisfy those who enjoy the more electronic flavor of Madonna. I also found two track extremely enjoyable from artists I was not familiar with, Beth Orton and Moby. The songs made me want to run out and buy their albums. An excellent soundtrack, second only to Magnolia as the best soundtrack of the year so far.
 B00004GOVT-65 POSITIVO  but this is a solid collection of slick, tuneful modern pop. The songs are quite distinct from one another, and cover a wide emotional range, but they all seem to inhabit the same ambiance. Right now, this CD is my top pick for dinner party background music.The first time I heard it, I found Madonna's cover of &quot;American Pie&quot; hollow and forced, but repeated listening revealed a shimmering quality that's quite enjoyable in its own right. The lyrics don't mean anything anymore, but Madonna has resurrected the song's pop essence.Olive's version of &quot;I'm Not in Love,&quot; closer in sensibility to the original, is another very worthwhile cover.I need to give the album a few more spins, but at this point, Beth Orton's plangent &quot;Stars All Seem to Weep&quot; is sounding like the strongest track in the bunch.
 B00004GOVT-66 POSITIVO  Not only does Madonna contribute two outstanding songs to TNBT soundtrack, but as producer she put together a well rounded, funky,urban mix of eclectic songs. Of course there is the radio friendly American Pie, but the best song is TIME STOOD STILL,which is so good, it send chills right down my spine.Christina Aguilera's DON'T MAKE ME LOVE YOU,is destined to become her next BIG HIT! the whole piece rocks from start to finish and is the kind of music that makes you want to see this movie.This soundtrack is certainly&quot;THE NEXT BEST THING&quot;. Get it soon!
 B00004GOVT-67 POSITIVO  This compilation of music is absolutely great! The song &quot;Boom Boom Ba&quot; by Metisse as well as artist Moby and Madonna offer an eclectic array of auditory enjoyment. This is the type of music you'd play at a party with a diverse group of people with different talents and musical tastes. The CD offers something for everyone. I am certainly not disappointed.
 B00004GOVT-68 POSITIVO  &quot;The Next Best Thing&quot; is an interesting soundtrack. Where most soundtracks seem to have wildly eclectic song choices (witness &quot;Batman Forever&quot; with &quot;Gotham City&quot; by R. Kelly, &quot;Lazy Eye&quot; by Goo Goo Dolls, &quot;Foolish Games&quot; by Jewel, and &quot;The End Is Beginning...&quot; by Smashing Pumpkins), there is a stylistic consistency to nearly all of the material here. A blending of Trance and Trip-Hop with melody, or as Entertainment Weekly puts it, &quot;Drowse-n-Bass&quot;. It's ethereal and soothing, yet has rhythm and a strong drum chart, very much like Madonna's own &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; opus.That's not a coincidence here either, since Madonna co-executive produced the soundtrack and William Orbit produces three of the cuts here (the two Madonna cuts and the subline &quot;Stars All Seem To Weep&quot; by Beth Orton).My favorite cuts: &quot;Boom Bomm Ba&quot; by Metisse, which took some time for me to get into, but is a nice fusion of Jazz, Tribal, and Trance; naturally, &quot;American Pie&quot;, which works on so many different levels, and deserves its own essay; &quot;If Everybody Looked The Same&quot; by Groove Armada, for its kicking beat and piano line; &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad&quot; for perfectly capturing the solemn mood of the sample with gentle strings and pulsing percussion; the jittery and cold &quot;I'm Not In Love&quot; by Olive (can't wait for the next album due out from Maverick soon); and the aforementioned trip-hop delight by Beth Orton.Note to Christina Aguilera: Love your voice, just need to get better arrangements. Your track sounds like it was produced on my cheapo 1985 Casio synthesizer. You've got the goods, and your tracks don't need to sound like *Nsync, 5ive, Mandy Moore, or Jessica Simpson for them to sell to the 12-24 demo.Look for this to skyrocket up the charts after the movie is released.
 B00004GOVT-69 NEUTRO  Madonna's rendition of American Pie can only be described as nice in a vacant pop sort of way, disregarding much of the angst in the original. The wonderful Moby would add to any compilation. But it is the opening track by Irish band Metisse that really took my breath away, this band released &quot;Sousounde&quot; last year and it took the club world by storm; &quot;Boom Boom Ba&quot; is now paving the way for Metisse to take the world by storm - watch out for this band.
 B00004GOVT-70 POSITIVO  If you are a fan of Madonna...and an even bigger fan of her ballads; there is no reason to be without this CD. It contains the most beautiful (IMHO) ballad she has ever done. "Time Stood Still", will pull at your heart strings in ways you won't believe. Even if you never play the other songs; the money spent would be worth it because there is absolutely no other way to get the song that I know of.In reality , things are better than that because the cd also contains Madonna's cover of "American Pie". The William Orbit production is superb; as it is on "TIme Stood " Still.Last but not least, the end track is a beautiful instrumental by Gabriel Yared, the composer who brought us the gorgeous original score for City of Angels.So,to sum it up, the soundtrack has been discontinued but is still available from many merchants here at Amazon and elsewhere. Used Cd's are bargain priced and the three tracks I have cited make it more than worthwhile.Go on...do yourself a favor.The remainder of the music is very hip , well produced, and undoubtedly has an audience. If that doesn't include you ,its no loss, because the other three selections are absolute Heart candy.
 B00004GOVT-71 POSITIVO  I bought this album for the cut "Boom Boom Ba". As far as I know it's not available anywhere else. The 5 stars are mostly for this cut.
 B00004GOVT-72 POSITIVO  Very ambient. American Pie just has the best production values. The Moby song is excellent as are all the others except Christina Agularas, which sounds out of place in the midst of the other songs.
 B00004GOVT-73 POSITIVO  Madonna and William Orbit are absolutely inseparable. Since the debut of partnership in &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, the two just keep on sparkling - well, on their music! &quot;American Pie&quot; from &quot;The Next Best Thing&quot; is a remake of Don McLean all-time classics in the 70s. Madonna's rendition is refreshing yet not as brilliant as McLean's 7+ minute original version. The soundtrack also comes with Grove Amanda's &quot;If Everybody Looked the Same&quot;, Beth Orton's &quot;Stars All Seem to Weep&quot;, so this album is way more than just Madonna!
 B00004GOVT-74 POSITIVO  The movie may not have done so well, but, this soundtrack is a definite hit! Every track is moving and believable and Madonna's organization of this album is just great! How could you not like an album where every song is enjoyable? You'll love this CD!
 B00004GOVT-75 POSITIVO  I bought this CD for Madonna, but I keep listening to it for her *and* all the other really cool songs. Boom Boom Bah and Bongo Bong both get so stuck in my head that I just go around singing them all the time. I love this CD! It is so fresh sounding - definately unique. And the songs all fit together very well. This is what a soundtrack should be.
 B00004GOVT-76 POSITIVO  This is a great cd to hold you until the new Madonna cd. Two great tracks by the ethereal gal. &quot;American Pie&quot;, either you love it or hate it. Love it! A great sampling of other tripy, electronica artist. It loses a star for the inclusion of the horrid Christina Aguilera and equally horrid song by the afore mentioned horrid one.
 B00004GOVT-77 POSITIVO  a fine compilation of not so well known artist, except Madonna of course makes this soundtrack really brilliant, very smooth also, Time stood still a beautiful haunting ballad by Madonna sounds like she's back more than ever ! a really good CD to just sit back relax and listen.
 B00004GOVT-78 POSITIVO  This is an excellent soundtrack. Great songs from Moby, Madonna, Beth Orton, Christina Aguilera - what else could anyone ask for? Madonna's version of American Pie is definitely very catchy. GREAT MUSIC from (what is going to be) a GREAT movie.
 B00004GOVT-79 POSITIVO  I bought this album mainly for the 2 new Madonna songs-American Pie, and Time Stood Still. Both are absolutely remarkable. Her remake of American Pie is outstanding, not only because of her wonderful voice, but also because of William Orbit who has done a wonderful job with the music and sound effects for these 2 songs, Beautiful Stranger, and Madonna's last album, Ray of Light. Time Stood Still is definitely Madonna's best ballad since 1998's Frozen. Actually, it's probably her best ballad of all time. This soundtrack is definitely a must-have for all Madonna fans.
 B00004GOVT-80 NEGATIVO  what-is-this? madonna--&gt;no-one-wants-to-hear-your shallow-voice.. get-the-point?
 B00004GOVT-81 POSITIVO  Originally bought album for the track &quot;American Pie&quot; which is quite well done. Other memorable tracks by Moby and Beth Orton. The rest of the album is ok, with the exception of Madonna's TIME STOOD STILL-her best track since 98's Frozen. Very haunting sound, combined with unusually strong vocals for Madonna. Makes the ablum worth it!
 B00004GOVT-82 POSITIVO  What a pleasant surprise.I must admit that I initially purchased this album solely because of the Madonna tracks - I am a huge fan.However, the rest of the album is breathtaking. My favorite tracks include Olive's &quot;I'm Not In Love,&quot; &quot;Boom Boom Ba&quot; by Metisse, and &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad&quot; by the one and only Moby. The new Christina Aguilera track is good as well.Don't hesitate on this one!
 B00004GOVT-83 POSITIVO  I think the album is excellent , lot's of new exciting stuff . It's good to see such a comprehensive soundtrack in terms of different music styles. M&egrave;tisse 's song is a breath of fresh air , very sensual and exotic , the type of melody you can dream with .
 B00004GOVT-84 POSITIVO  a fine compilation of not so well known artist, except Madonna of course makes this soundtrack really brilliant, very smooth also, Time stood still a beautiful haunting ballad by Madonna sounds like she's back more than ever ! a really good CD to just sit back relax and listen.
 B00004GOVT-85 POSITIVO  I, like most of you I'm sure, bought this cd for the 2 songs that Madonna contributes. But I also very much enjoyed Beth Orton's &quot;Stars Seem To Weep&quot;, and a song by Chistina Aguilera that is not on her album, and I also loved Mandalay. I know Madonna has gotten some critisizm from the classic rock side of the music scene for her version of &quot;American Pie&quot;, but being a fan of Don Mclean's original folk style tribute, I can say without predjudice that I like both. I view them as two completely different songs, which they are. Don's gives you a feeling of nostalgia and tells a story, where Madonna's is just for fun and dance. I feel they cannot be compared. Also I found it very cool that Rupert Everett himself did all the backup vocals on &quot;American Pie&quot;. Hey, the guy can sing. Her ballad &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; is also beautiful. I don't think she'll let any of her fans down with this one.
 B00004GOVT-86 POSITIVO  I must admit that I am biased since I have been a Madonna fan since &quot;Everybody&quot; burst onto the scene in 1982, but I am extremely impressed with all of the work on this soundtrack. Madonna's &quot;American Pie&quot; is the highlight of the album and contributions from Moby, Christina Aguilera, and Metisse among others are stunning as well. Although others might not agree, I think that Madonna's release of &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; as a single would push her back up the Billboard charts. Even though I don't think Madonna's sole purpose lately has been to rack up top singles, it is a shame that songs like &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot; and &quot;American Pie&quot; do not get a solid chance to advance up the charts without American single exposure to the public BEFORE the sountracks hit the racks to heighten anticipation and boost sales. Both &quot;American Pie&quot; and &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; are excellent examples of how Madonna has been able to change her musical style with the times...and great reasons for any Madonna fan to pick up this soundtrack.
 B00004GOVT-87 POSITIVO  Madonna has assembled a terrific collection of tracks for this soundtrack including a delightful and peppy rendition of Don McClean's classic &quot;American Pie,&quot; which includes heartfelt background vocals by Rupert Everett. Tracks from Olive, Moby, Beth Orton, and Groove Aramada all showcase electonica effects with sublime vocals and help to transform this soundtrack to more than just a Madonna album. Madonna's other track &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; is also a beautiful song with some of her best singing to date.
 B00004GOVT-88 POSITIVO  World beat, dance pop, moody electronica and dance floor shakers all come together for a fun and entertaining hour or so. And it's a damn sight better than the movie it came from, I can assure you of that. Even the slightly stiff and ham fisted cover of American Pie is forgivable, in light of the nice array of tracks from artists you have heard, and many ( well, most ) that you haven't. The best thing is this album really stands on its own, and doesn't need the awful movie it came from to prop it up.
 B00004GOVT-89 POSITIVO  Ok the movie was atrocious and would have been better off being called &quot;The Next Worst Thing&quot;. Asides from the movie that should have never been made to begin with, the soundtrack is the polar opposite with its eclectic mix of pop, world and electronica music. I could have easily lived without the Christina Aguilera track. My disdain for the pop princess aside, the song in general stuck out like a sore thumb on a overall electronic-influenced score. &quot;Don't Make Me Love You ('Til I'm Ready)&quot; is too polished sounding for my tastes and would have been better off on a soundtrack for a teen movie.I was originally appalled when I heard Madonna's cover of &quot;American Pie&quot;. At the time I did not care for the butchering of a classic pop song. I also dug her other song &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; too. After a few more listens, I grew to love the William Orbit-produced track. Thanks to this soundtrack I got into electronic groups Mandalay, Olive and Solar Twins, especially Solar Twins. &quot;Swayambhu&quot; is a stunning ambient masterpiece from my favorite duo. Gabriel Yared's &quot;Forever and Always&quot; makes for the perfect closing for a flawed but excellent soundtrack.With the exception of the Christina Aguilera track, the remaining songs on the soundtrack are excellent. It took me awhile for Manu Chao's &quot;Bongo Bong&quot; to grow on me but I love it now. Metisse's &quot;Boom Boom Ba&quot; is pure ear candy. And I love the tracks by Moby and Beth Orton. They are my favorite songs by those artists. So while the soundtrack is not perfect, it is immensely enjoyable to listen to for fans of trip hop and ambient music.
 B00004GOVT-90 POSITIVO  For a soundtrack this album is pretty good. I debated for a while on whether or not I was going to buy it. I eventually did because I listened to this at Borders and I really love the Christina Aguilera song which is nothing like any of the other songs on this album. Some other songs that I like on the CD are Madonna's &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; and &quot;American Pie&quot;. If you like pop with a mix of elctronica and celtic music, you will like this CD.
 B00004GOVT-91 POSITIVO  While most people will buy this for American Pie, I can safely say that you should buy it for &quot;Boom Boom Ba&quot; by Metisse - the best music to come out of Ireland for many years, they embody the spirit of the new Europe - Globalization without Bastardization
 B00004GOVT-92 POSITIVO  What an album! The opening track by Metisse is the best song on the album I think, but Madonna's American Pie is excellent, but not compared to Don McLeans version.(sorry) Moby and Groove Armada have great tracks too. I don't think there is 1 bad song on this album. Every song is good in its own type of way. To appreciate this album you must have a wide(not to mention great) taste in music.
 B00004GOVT-93 POSITIVO  I mainly bought this album because i am a colossal fan of Madonna and I simply couldnt wait another week for her new song American Pie to come out as a single. As it is I am very happy I did buy this album because for the most part its jam packed with quality music.If Madonna did hand pick this albums material she certainly has good taste. Moby is fantastic as ever with his melancholy sub-techno blues song &quot;Why Does my Heart Feel So Bad&quot; and Groove Armada prove with their contribution to the album, why they recieved all the acclaim they got last year.I was also surprised to find myself enjoying one hit wonder Olive's cover of &quot;Im not in Love&quot; and Beth Orton, who before I listened to her new track hadnt taken much of an interest in.Of course though Madonna steals the show with not only American Pie but also her new ballad, the beautiful &quot;Time Stood Still&quot;, once again ably assisited by William Orbit.The album does have flaws, mainly in the form of Christina Aguilera, who sticks out like a sore thumb with her annoying, cold dosage of consumer teen driven pop, and the track by Manu Chao is pure drivel, but for the most part the soundtrack is a good mix of dance and chillout which is definitely worth investigating if you enjoyed Ray of Light and William Orbits recent solo effort &quot;Piece sin a Modern Style&quot;.P.S. If you like Mr Orbit's work check out the All Saint's new song &quot;Pure Shores&quot; which is currently featured on the Beach soundtrack. Its pure heaven to listen too.
 B00004GOVT-94 POSITIVO  dispite not having a commercial US single for &quot;American Pie&quot;, Atleast you can get the song if you are one of the many who enjoy Madonna's Rendition of Don Mclean's Classic Anthem to The death of Rock and Roll.Besides &quot;American Pie&quot;, Madonna includes the Beautiful Ballad &quot;Time Stood Still&quot; which she co wrote with William Orbit, Who also worked on her Sucessful Album, Ray of Light. The Soundtrack for The Next Best Thing includes an eclectic aray of Songs by many Artists, Including Teen Sensation Christina Aguilera who sings an Unreleased song called &quot;Don't Make Me Love You&quot;, Olive who cover I'm Not In Love&quot; and Moby's &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel Bad?&quot; If you didn't know Madonna, Herself actually hand picked each Artist and Produced this Album. So we get to see how talented she is in producing. The best thing about this Album is it doesn't lag like Maverick's previous Soundtrack Album &quot;Austin Powers The Spy Who Shagged Me&quot; which only had 2 sucessful tracks from it, Madonna's &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot; and Lenny Kravits remake of &quot;American Woman&quot;. Then Next Best Thing is one of this Years Best Soundtracks and to boot you get to &quot;Soon to Be&quot; Classic Songs by Madonna. So if you do not want to buy it for the fact that Madonna did release a US Commercial Single of American Pie, then Buy it for the Great Music thats on it! Each Song is Wonderfully done and great to listen to! You will listen to it months later. I know I will be!
 B00004GOVT-95 POSITIVO  Time Stood Still is brilliant, if you loved the Power of Goodbye or This Used To Be My Playground, you will be happily surprised by this new track.Also, the Olive remake is very good as well, giving a slick and classy repoduction to a well known 80's song...
 B00004GOVT-96 NEGATIVO  The only song on here worthy of the name is, of course, American Pie. But, what a dreadful version this is. To cut the length appropriate to "dance" music - that is, what kids would be stupid enough to pay for - the song is butchered so that what remains of the lyric makes no sense at all. Then the melody is sacrificed to the merciless pounding that passes for rhythm on very low-budget "music". However, the saddest thing of all is the performance of Madonna. It is literally laughable. Never the greatest singer on the planet, by some margin, this song betrays a woman aging before her time - often out of breath and unable to sustain even the most accessible notes. If you can dance to this inept pap from Granny - good luck to you - but, pay for it - Never!
 B00004GOVT-97 POSITIVO  While the film "The Next Best Thing" wasn't hailed by critics (particularly Madonna's), the soundtrack was extremely well-received, and for good reason. As Madonna was just emerging from her fantastic, multiple Grammy-winning "Ray of Light" period and adjusting to motherhood, she was also taking more and more control over her own music; thus, she assigned herself and her "Ray of Light" and later "Music" collaborator William Orbit as the album's executive producers and contributed two ballads to the record - her dreamy, wistful redux of the classic ballad "American Pie" and her absolutely smashing acoustic/electronic ballad "Time Stood Still".The soundtrack is one of the more cohesive soundtracks out there - that is, one can listen to the music the whole way through and have it feel like following a story. The film revolved around two friends who entered the uncertain world of parenthood and were forced to come to terms with life and friendship's harsh realities, a coming-of-age that works very well in the tracks selected. Starting with M&eacute;tisse's dreamy, sensual Franglais cut "Boom Boom Ba" and heading off into "Bongo Bong", the listener is started off in a meditative sort of feel before jumping into Christina Aguilera's fun track "Don't Make Me Love You".Now, there were obvious critics of Madonna's interpretation of "American Pie", but it really works as a very dreamy, wistful track - she sticks only to parts of the first verse, the chorus, and the ending verse. By leaving out the esoteric rock n' roll history of the original classic she manages to make a commentary on the loss of innocence, transitioning from a young adult to a grown-up. This leads into the moody electronic cut "This Life".Keeping things lively is the extremely fun '90's feel-good club hit "If Everybody Looked the Same" by Groove Armada, which leads into Moby's interesting electronic take on an old R&B; tune, "Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?" and Olive's cute but somewhat forgettable track "I'm Not in Love". The next highlight from the soundtrack is Beth Orton's melancholy contribution, "The Stars All Seem to Weep", a classic trademark of her folk rock/electronica mash-up style and a deeply moody, mournful track about saying goodbye.This segues into Madonna's next new song, written by her specifically for her character in the film, "Time Stood Still". There isn't high enough praise for this album other than to say that it's likely her best ballad since any of the cuts featured on her ballad compilation "Something to Remember" from the early '90's. Featuring a tranquil blend of acoustics and watery electronica reminiscent of some of the best tracks from "Ray of Light", the mournful, soulful tune is a bittersweet goodbye to either a best friend or a lover or both: "You made me laugh, you gave me hope - it's over now/Our happiness went up in smoke - it's over now.../Maybe you're the next best thing to happen/All the things we might have been", she reflects, and the truth in the lyrics is a true punch to remember all the friendships we shed over the years with people we thought would be in our lives forever.The album's closer is "Swayambhu" by The Solar Twins, which features no words but a beautiful, operatic voice vocalizing over a haunting melody and a backdrop of vaguely heard, tuned out human voices having an argument, a fitting ending and conclusion to the album. The last track, more of a bonus for soundtrack collectors than anything, is a score piece by the movie's composer Gabriel Yared (of "City of Angels" fame) called "Forever and Always", which, despite its promising title, isn't a big or memorable piece as much as it is just a simple, tranquil closing that brings the album to a final close.In the end, despite one or two forgettable tracks and what could have been a better score piece for an album closer, "The Next Best Thing" is one of the best collections of electronica/ballad music from the mid-to-late '90's, a meditation on coming-of-age, friendship, and becoming a parent/guardian of someone more important than yourself. Featuring two absolutely stellar tracks from Madonna not previously available, it's well worth the purchase and is as much at home to listen to in the bath, on a long drive, on the beach, or when one needs a background for their thoughts.Five out of five stars.
 B00004GOVT-98 POSITIVO  This is an awesome soundtrack, it is fun and enjoyable to listen to. The best songs on this cd are all of them
 B00004GOVT-99 POSITIVO  The Next Best Thing soundtrack is pretty good, you get two Madonna songs, a great cover of American Pie and Time Stood Still - her best ballad ever! The rest of the songs are unique but I am a Madonna fan so that's why I bought this cd. Madge - you're the best!
 B00004GOVT-100 NEUTRO  I loved the movie and I'm a Madonna fan - but I think this soundtrack could have been a little better. I was very disappointed that &quot;Putting on the Ritz&quot; was not included. Same for Don McLean's version of American Pie (Madonna's is here and it's great) but where is Don? A couple of the songs I frankly don't remember. Also on Swayambhu (where Madonna looks at herself in the mirror and says &quot;1989...1999&quot;) there appears to be the sound of a door shutting and some background talking - almost like it got picked up during recording...very distracting!
 B000067UO2-0 NEUTRO  was looking for MATT DAREY "beautiful day" by accident ordered this title, was still pleased with this title,,,but still having a hard time locating "beautiful day"
 B000000TCR-0 POSITIVO  The music is a wonderful fusion of Jazz/Classical/Metal (including some themes borrowed from composers such as Strvinsky), and the lyrics are built from fragments of various poets' works, fused together with original words.Medatavolutions claims to be &quot;meditations on revolution&quot;, and it truely is.This album is very difficult to listen to, without completing - it is a continuous 70-something minute piece, with tracks that do not stand well on their own, but when played in sequence without interuption will grip and paralize you - sending your mind to a different dimension.
 B000008HEN-0 POSITIVO  I have been looking for this album on CD for years now! I am not really a Gladys Knight and the Pips fan per se, but this album is truly a masterpeice! Every single track is beyond excellent! This is definitely the kind of cd that you put in and press play/repeat. Good R&B;/Soul music for your heart, mind and ears!It is almost haunting that an album can be this good.The album art cover is obscure and like that of the album title it seems to have nothing to do with the songs on it. In all tracks except one, they sing about being in love with someone. I cannot understand why this album was out of print for so long although it actually went gold! Whomever had a hand in bringing this album back into print, may the good Lord bless you! This album could be released today and would sound just as fresh and timeley as it did when released in 1983. Get this one for your collection, because if you ever find yourself in a situation where you are stranded on a desert island, this will be the one cd you will want to have with you.
 B000008HEN-1 POSITIVO  I'll tell you something right now about Gladys Knight & The Pips-this 1983 recording certainly put the almost stagnant group back into the spotlight.And most of the reasons for this lay in the tastefully modern production of Leon Sylvers and Knight's exuberant,sensually soulful voice.Featuring brilliant songwriting "When Your Far Away","Ain't No Greater Love","Seconds","Just Be My Lover" and of course the brilliantly pulsating "Save The Overtime For Me" are wonderful,funky uptempoR&B; boogie tunes with plenty of animated,soulful delivery!That plus one fabulous funk splatter "Oh La De Da" will give one the sense that 'Visions' is dominated by uptempo tunes,and it is.But of course some credit should go to the ballads-"Heaven Sent" is a classic for Knight in her familiar style but "Hero" (yes it's a renamed cover of "Wind Beneath My Wings") gets Knight's dramatic,churchy delivery that (sorry) would drown Bette Midler if she's heard it-she utterly trancends any sentimentality the song possessed in classic soul style and turned it into more of a gospel then a love song.All of these songs come in to make 'Visions',as highly underrated as it is one of the groups best full lengh albums of all time!
 B000008HEN-2 POSITIVO  VISIONS is a great lesson on how to make a veteran act current without losing its identity. On the group's third Columbia album, Gladys and the Pips work with Silverspoon Productions, the production company owned by then in-demand r&b; producer Leon Sylvers (The Whispers, Shalamar). All of Sylver's trademarks are here from the snappy basslines to the guitar-bass breakdown and synth washes. Yet Sylvers' sound fit the group like a glove because he makes the technology sound warm and inviting, while the Empress of Soul works her magic on such excellent tunes as the #1 R&B; hit "Save The Overtime For Me," "When You're Far Away" (an early Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis composition), and the clever ballad "You're #1 In My Book". Gladys, her brother Merald and r&b; songwriting legend Sam Dees ("One In A Million You") produced the more subdued moments on VISIONS including one of the first recordings of "Wind Beneath My Wings," "Seconds," and "Don't Make Me Run Away".This well-deserved gold album is one of the group's best along with IMAGINATION.
 B000008HEN-3 POSITIVO  how i remember this album was my father had a tape deck in his car, and the tape was stuck, so this played over and over and it had auto reverse so it would flip on the other side and play that side also..lol... so i grew to love this cd especailly save the overtime for me , which i loved anyway. but hteir rendention of hero, ooooo boy you in for a treat! take a listen to the samples... when youre far away is a good one too. if you like gladys knight and the pips, this is a sure thing to get. trust me i know.
 B000008HEN-4 POSITIVO  This album presented in 1983 with a first single that was infectious and representative of relationships then, that it was impossible to resist. It's also no wonder that this song, "Save the Overtime (For Me,") would eventually top the R&B; chart followed by "You're Number One (In My Book") and "Hero," (a gospel-ish remake of "The Wind Beneath My Wings.") Three #1 singles and if I'm not mistaken, a #1 R&B; album as well!What is so amazing about Gladys Knight and the Pips is that their music has and always WILL be so extrememly tender and the delivery geared completely toward love, which sadly, is lacking in today's music. That's what has always made them such an endearing entity in the world of R&B.; "Visions" would eventually end up going Gold on the strength of the aforementioned hits. Now if we could only have "Life" on CD!
 B000008HEN-5 POSITIVO  If you know anything about fish frys and spaghetti at your favorite aunt's house on Fridays or all night bid wis/spade card games,or the early days of the Quiet Storm, then this GK&the PIPs ensemble is a treasure. Not a commercial success, it did give those true fans out there another moment to yell.."SING GLADYS" Strong orchestra backgrounds and eighties electric brings GK into the 80s with the soul stirring love of pure R&B she represented and noutured for others to sample nowadays. My favorites include "Number One and Just be my Lover" Oh how that GK can sing. BUY this treasure and let it play while your dusting the house or playing cards with your old school friends that appreciate what MS GK and the Pips are laying down. Someone is bound to say... is that new?
 B000008HEN-6 POSITIVO  Coming from a muscial family and growing up admiring many Motown acts gave superstar producer, Leon F. Sylvers III a chance to finally work with former Motown superstars, Gladys Knight & The Pips. Under his direction, Gladys Knight and The Pips release 5 (out of the 10) great songs taliormade for their sound and for the young audience. Despite of his busy schedule working with Janet Jackson, The Whispers, Shalamar, and his own group, Dynasty, Leon always had time for his heroes. "When You're Far Away" was a hot dance tune that was written by Ex-Time members, Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis and produced by another Ex-Sylvers member, Edmund Sylvers (while Leon played many of the instruments) which was like chunky peanut butter (funky beat with sweet smooth vocals). The single did'nt gain much attention, but another Leon Sylvers produced single, "Save The Overtime For Me" (co produced by Rickey Smith) was much hipper and even reached #1 on the R&B charts (Gladys Knight & The Pips' first #1 R&B hit since 1974). It followed with an exciting music video featuring the Rocksteady Crew (shot on Manhattan's Upper Eastside in early 1983). It was the first mainstream R&B video that featured breakdancers and the year's best videos (I first saw it on the popular WABC's New York Hot Tracks and it was the program's first video played). It was unusual (at the time) for a "West-Coast" sounding track to gain more attention in New York City than in Los Angeles or the Bay Area. The ballads, "Just Be My Lover" and You're Number One (In My Book)" boasted some of wonderful ballads well sung by Gladys and its adult "Silverspoon" sound fit in well for them. The energetic "Ain't No Greater Love" sounds very well and it musically reminds me of Dynasty's 1982 song, "Does That Ring A Bell" being that it was produced by Dynasty guitarist, Richard Randolph and Rickey Smith (co written by Dynasty vocalist, William Shelby) plus Leon once again on the bass. The legendary, Rick Dees (along with Gladys Knight & The Pips) handle the rest of the production chores with the groovy "Seconds" and soft "Heaven Sent" which were played modestly on radio, but I think many fans bought this album for the singles "Save The Overtime" and "You're Number One (In My Book)." In my honest opinion, I think the Silverspoon tracks stood out the most and gained the most play. Whats smooth and loud will stand out the most, but overall, it was a great album for another comeback for Gladys Knight & the Pips. Leon Sylvers III will work with the group again on their next album, Life by producing and playing on 4 more songs for them.
 B000008HEN-7 POSITIVO  Loved this album when it was an Lp, from one of the great voices and groups out there, and this new remaster from England is terrific. It sounds fresh and clear, so much better than the original U.S. CD.As much as I love Bette's "Wind Beneath my Wings", a mark of a truly great singer is when they make it their own and you almost forget the original....and Gladys does this in top form!
 B000008HEN-8 POSITIVO  This is an excellent album by Gladys Knight and the Pips which clearly shows why Berry Gordy thought they were worthy of joining the Motown family. This album is perfect for setting a romanctic mood or nice soothing background music.Excellent choice for people who are music conniseurs.
 B00003TFSR-0 POSITIVO  A lot of what passes these days for &quot;reggae&quot; justisn't. There is a reason why the old Marley, Tosh and BurningSpear CDs keep getting played long after newer releases are forgotten. Reggae may have evolved the last twenty years - but not necessarily &quot;up&quot; the evolutionary chain.Rascalin &amp; the Roots Rockers' &quot;Reggae Fever&quot; is a welcome and long overdue return to the authentic rhythms, chops and grooves that made classic reggae recordings endure. The roots-reggae singer, writer and guitarist is a native of Bocas del Toro, a small Caribbean island off the northern coast of Panama where poor Jamaican, Spanish and Asian workers migrated after completion of the transcontinental canal. He now lives in Southern California where I saw him perform at the TEVA &quot;Spirit of Unity&quot; Tour this summer.Chin and his band are on the verge of obtaining international exposure through their live performances and their CD. I recommend both and look forward to watching this new act emerge. Look for tour dates throughout the US and parts of the Caribbean in 2000.&quot;Reggae Fever&quot; contains nine original tracks plus a unique interpretation of &quot;Hey Joe&quot; produced by reggae institution George &quot;Fully&quot; Fullwood. Backing Rascalin are the Roots Rockers featuring Fullwood on bass and legendary Carlton &quot;Santa&quot; Davis on drums. Fullwood and Davis gave Peter Tosh's recordings their punch and now back Andrew Tosh.&quot;Reggae Fever&quot; is Rascalin's debut CD. My favorites tracks are &quot;Black &amp; White&quot;, &quot;Reggae fever&quot; and &quot;Hey Joe&quot;, which I wished were longer. END
 B000RO568K-0 POSITIVO  Polly Browne is probably best known for her work with Pickettywitch the early 70s group who had a couple of hit singles Sad Old Kinda Movie and That Same Old Feeling but she came out with this solo album in the mid 70s and to me, this is a forgotten gem. It did spawn a hit single in Up In A Puff Of Smoke (incidentally a big hit in New Zealand, more so than her home country) but the album is full of tracks of consistently high quality and unusually, despite its age, still sounds nicely current. There's an interesting pre-disco feel to some of the tracks from Special Delivery to the girl groupish One Girl Too Late (written by Van McCoy)but there's plenty of variety, and Polly's smouldering, sultry vocals fit perfectly on tracks like Sending Out An SOS and Am I Losing My Touch. The album is finished off with the poignant and dramatic I Need Another Song. There are bonus tracks with this rare CD release but its the main tracks that really sparkle. Well worth a listen
 B000B6N68Q-0 POSITIVO  I discovered Alla Pavlova on Radioio. If you don't know this web station, you must check it out. I make discoveries of little known serious music daily on Radioio. And Pavlova is the most exciting find yet. Her music is gorgeous, heartfelt, accessible. She is a true Russian (Ukrainian, to be exact) in the sense that her works are full of emotion, passion, melancholy. She is clearly in the Rachmaninoff tradition. That is a compliment; to my mind Rachmaninoff is the epitome of Russian orchestral music. What better tradition could there be for her? But I say she is "in the tradition," for she is by no means an imitator of anyone that I can discern. She is very much her own woman. She is innovative and daring, complex and subtle, without ever using any of the current cliches and mannerisms of the famous in-their-heads prize-winners. Pavlova is in a class, indeed, it would seem, a world, of her own. Yet it is the world we all truly inhabit, the world of the physical, emotional, and spiritual bodies, as well as the mental.As far as I know, her Symphony No. 4, on this disc, is the only true organ symphony in the literature. (I could be wrong, so let me know if I am.)Sure, there's Saint-Saens and the exuberant finale to the 3rd, but Pavlova begins her symphony with the organ, and the instrument is integral to the work start to finish. This is a unique contribution to classical music, as far as I know. I ordered this CD because it has the lovely 2nd Symphony I heard on Radioio. What a powerful piece it is. And straightaway I came back to Amazon and ordered all of Pavlova's recordings. Thanks, Naxos!
 B00003IBFP-0 NEUTRO  I like the idea of this recording but the actual recording is fairly bad. It had too much low end and some distortion. Input levels were probably not set correctly. I'd like to see the people who produced this try again with a better recording engineer. I'll buy it again to get a good sounding carousel organ smoothing through the county air fair. Good luck!
 B00003IBFP-1 POSITIVO  This is another good recording of a band organ. I like merry go round music and have most of these from Marion Roehl Recording (they must have a dozen different of carousel music). Sound quality is very good and the band organ recorded must have been in pretty good shape!
 B000003472-0 POSITIVO  Why did the other reviewer write 'I have to admit...' for his opinion of loving Bread- one should be proud to like this sort of music!As for the album, it is excellent. Not one weak song on here. It opens with two songs, that give a false impression, this might be a heavier album. 'Let your love go' is one of their best rockers, showing Gates could do other styles, not just ballads. 'Take comfort' goes from really bluesy bits to ballady bits in the middle and it really works, showing Griffin and Royer were as talented as the genius Gates.'If' is the most beautiful heart wrenching ballad and the end of the song, if you close your eyes, will make you feel you are flying. Incredible stuff. The best song on here just beats that though, 'Come again'. what an incredible classical arrangement and what a beautiful melody. Definitely shows what depth goes into their songs. Awesome.Another of my favourites is one that Griffin has not rated in retrospect, 'Live in your love', but to me, this is another incredible ballad, with a soaring melody.All the other songs are great also. Highly recommended from these geniuses I am proud to love.
 B000003472-1 POSITIVO  I have to admit I love Bread. This album is a great addition for those who wish to add on to anthology or retrospective. The hit &quot;if&quot; is here, but there are also songs you won't find anywhere else such as &quot;what a change&quot;, and the beautiful piano and violin in &quot;come again&quot;. There are some duds here, but what other bands can say they had 10 top 20 hits and 7 top 40 albums in less than three years?
 B000003472-2 POSITIVO  Okay, maybe I'm a little biased here as far as judging which Bread album was the best of their half-dozen stellar studio efforts, but there are many factors convincing me that "Manna" should have featured the subtitle "From Heaven."The legendary love ballad "If" alone is almost enough to justify the album's "heavenly" appeal, but songs such as (among others) the harpsichord-driven rocker "Let Your Love Go" and the church-like organ solos on the ethereal "What A Change", as well as the album's centerpiece, "Come Again" (which, for all its melodrama, succeeds brilliantly in its shifts of tempo, mood, and overall dynamics that even most pop music craftsmen ignore) ultimately give this album a warm "Baroque" feel that makes the album a wonderful first choice if you were forced to choose among Bread's studio efforts instead of any of their numerous and sometimes notoriously repetitive best-of collections (with the notable exception of 1996's 2-CD "Retrospective" of course).Sure, seasoned Wall-Of-Sound Veteran Larry Knechtel, who joined the band following the album's 1971 release, contributed a wealth of experience and his own subtle signature touches to succeeding (and also massively successful) Bread recordings, but the tensions that had just begun to brew within the previous lineup were likely a factor in producing an ultimately masterful 12-song body of work that no Bread album before or since could touch with a ten-foot, uh, loaf.Enough already - just enjoy the album if you already own it ... if not, then get it post haste!!!
 B000003472-3 POSITIVO  Simply they're BEST record... less commercial then all the rest.The tri fold album design will be a classic in Rock n Roll cover art.Scoop it up while you can. There are good songs here that do not show upon the best of CD releases, the cover concept by photographer Robert L Heimall is a work of art. The fidelity of the recording, as with most Elektra releases of that time is outstanding.These guys knew how to record and produce. In Tribute... Take Comfort!
 B000003472-4 POSITIVO  This was my favourite of the original studio albums by 70's pop rock supergroup Bread. Gates was in fine melodic form here, with his sugary sweet high tenor soaring on songs like If and What a Change. Griffin also contributed some good songs, including the melodic country-rocker Too Much Love and the ethereal I Say Again. This is a good album to check out for those who want to dig deeper than the ubiquitous 'best of' collections, as there are a lot of very diverse and interesting styles on here, yet the album still flows together nicely. They were actually a much more diverse band than is generally known, always including some hard rockers to balance out the ballads. The 1995 Rhino remaster is the edition to get, the sound quality is really clear and crisp on it. As time rolls on, some of these early Bread albums are starting to become obscure, so interested parties should probably snatch up a cd copy of this forgotten classic while they still can-bands just don't make pop/rock music this good anymore!
 B000003472-5 POSITIVO  This album had the best quality and strongest mix of songs of all of the Bread albums. Gates and Griffin meshed so much better and clearer on this production. If is such a solid song, but other choices had a more deeper quality to them - Too Much Love, Come Again, Live In Your Love.
 B000003472-6 POSITIVO  The band, Bread, is so great. They play what is termed soft rock and it is so comforting to listen to. I could listen to them all day.
 B000003472-7 POSITIVO 